text:I just had a jacket peel like that. I'm bummed bc it was one of my favorites. I'd like to try and stop the peeling if I can so I've been hanging on to it and not wearing it!	labels:Honestly there's no way to really stop the peeling short of sewing a patch over the entire affected area so nothing rubs against it (I've had a lot of jackets/pants that did that and nothing seems to work). It will still peel in other places eventually but you could get a bit more time out of it that way.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 13, 2020	labels:My left foot is bigger than my right. For a pair of loafers, should i buy with the larger or smaller foot?
text:Shitpost Saturday: Black Like Your Soul (and wardrobe) Friday	labels:For 364 other days of the year I only purchase secondhand from ethically produced brands. Not because I am better than you (but I am), it is to atone for my sins: Black Friday.   It’s Purge day, mothafuckas.    The one day I can let blatant consumerism release my inner bloodlust and relinquish all inhibitions to get the last boxy crop top sweater in the scrap. To combine those old self defense Tae Kwan Do moves and Rollerderby bodychecks so I can grab a purse so small that I can only fit 2 rolled up dollar bills in them.  Both items will then sit proudly in the back of my closet with the tags on them until I Marie Kondo that shit, because winter exists and I actually need to carry around more than coke utensils.
text:I love dusty pinks and mauves.  I cannot express how badly those colors look with my skin. I've had *strangers* ask me if I was ok because they assumed someone who resembled a corpse that much must be actually nearing death.   I love heels and very sleek business casual as well as what I can only call ho-fits. I have bad ankles fr from working on concrete floors too many hours, and take public transportation. It's too much of a risk I could sprain my ankle from how much I walk, and I can't afford another sprain. My office is not business casual or sleek, but a no fuss "just don't wear t-shirts with slogans or anything" type of place. I am decidedly over my ho phase, despite my continued love of the clothes.   My fantasy of wearing heeled booties with a structured fashion blazer over a mauve dress is not any less real just because I have the common sense to not go through with it.  Fashion fantasy is still a valid form of participation!	labels:Hallelujah!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 03	labels:My new coat ~~has~~ had this beautiful fluffy texture of brushed camel hair. Well today I got caught by a massive rainfall, coat utterly soaked, decidedly less fluffy now.  :|	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 12, 2020	labels:Does anyone know where I can find some 28x30 work pants? I used to buy Carhaart Flex pants, but the smallest size they make is a 30 W. I haven’t been able to find anything close to similar online.	episode_done:True
text:Adapting to age/workplace appropriate attire while staying true to yourself [discussion]	labels:I don’t think complying with a dress code (or wearing a uniform) at work is not being “true to yourself.” It’s paying your bills.
text:What are you most comfortable clothing items (cute or not)?	labels:I have what I call pajama dresses. The cotton jersey T-shirt material dresses. I wear them to sleep and wear all day at home. Then toss on a new one for bed the next night.
text:How do men's outerwear differ from women's? I found a really good deal on a 100% wool coat, but in men's...	labels:It'll be fine wearing it open, but it'll be tight around the bust and hips if it's closed.    Plus there might be more shoulder padding to give you an exaggerated V shape. Fine if you're intentionally going for an androgynous look, just don't expect it to look/fit like a women's coat.
text:Cotton Candy Femme Fatale: A Cassie (Promising Young Woman) inspo album	labels:Oh my god that straw hat/doily dress?? Perfection!!!   I love wearing a 'cute' look at the grand old age of 37, but I try and make sure all the cute bits are always neat, tidy and made of quality materials to avoid looking too 'kiddy'. Quality fabrics and well-made vintage always elevate a look, I think!	episode_done:True
text:What are novelty leather keyrings/keychains for? How do you use them?	labels:Is fashion supposed to be practical?
text:Recommendation for Seamstress/similar	labels:I’m a designer in LA and I do customs all the time. I gain clients either by word of mouth or by someone direct messaging me on Instagram. I suggest you start by looking on Instagram at designers in your area and reaching out that way. As far as budget goes it’s up to the designer, I personally work with client to come up with a comfortable budget for them determined on what they want. Don’t be afraid to negotiate but definitely be reasonable and respectful.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 20	labels:I recently bought a nice budget pair of work boots and I really like them, however the laces are of horrible quality. I was wondering if there’s any recommendations on good replacement laces. I don’t want to order some and they’re just as bad.	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Texture!	labels:I love a monochromatic look. Used to be highly neurotic about exact matches (akin to Gina of the RHOM) until I discovered texture. Differing textures can take a slightly different tonal color from "not so much" to "yes that looks good".	episode_done:True
text:You’re right I’ve heard that too but I guess I’ll figure it out after wearing these for a few months!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:You should ditch the red shirt, too.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Ironically, the only things that actually make you look taller are... things that literally make you taller, like heels or wedges. Also known as the things that these same people have derided as "unmanly".  ^(What? Toxic masculinity you say? Well I'll be!)	labels:toxic dudes: OMG WHY WOULD A WOMAN WEAR A PUSH UP BRA OR MAKEUP ITS BASICALLY CATFISHING  also toxic dudes: hey guys how do I make myself look as tall as possible :( I’m under 6 ft and have no self worth :(	episode_done:True
text:Your favorite ___ for $___: Sweatpants	labels:# What should we do next?
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Dress Like An Architect	labels:Needs more George Costanza	episode_done:True
text:What is your most worn accessories?	labels:Earrings! I have a few in every color, to coordinate with any outfit. The slightly tacky ones are the best ones; I have these big strawberry ones I've gotten a ton of compliments on that I wear the whole summer.	episode_done:True
text:2013 me wouldnt recognize my 2021 me in the slightest lmao  i think my most "out there" piece was a salmon ocbd	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I’m so confused. Why are buckles distracting?	labels:They are the sexiest fastening of course. That's why I only use toggles to preserve my modesty.
text:[Serious answers only] FAQ: Why does runway fashion looks like nothing you'd ordinarily wear on the daily?	labels:It's like visual art - things that make a great statement or important artistic point in a gallery are  not necessarily going to be what you want to hang in your home where you see it every day. Theatre that makes you think about the world differently might not be the ocr you put on for a roadtrip. Some art lives in a different space than we live in everyday and sometimes that's more elevated but also less accessible.	episode_done:True
text:Chelsea boots under €200	labels:Hey mate, in Europe, the best this price point is Meermin.  Made in Spain, starting around 170 to 220 euro.  It’s goodyearwelted, really good quality for the price :)  And they ship to NL	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 09, 2020	labels:Any suggestions for how a soft shell jacket should fit. I purchased a free country at Sam’s because the price was good. Might not keep it though.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 13, 2021	labels:Are there any recommendations for good quality blazers to travel with? I work in a casual setting and travel alot (so hot/cold) and every so often need a blazer for more formal meetings. Is there any higher quality sports jackets/blazers that would be recommended to someone who has no idea about them?  Edit: I have a Universal Works baker jacket I though would work, but I find the arms too large and the fit very boxy so I rarely reach for it	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge: 6 Degrees of Separation - Submissions	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Vintage Patagonia Fleeces: Fluff That’s Worth a Fortune	labels:Synchillas are sick as hell but the upcharge for them on the secondhand market is ridic
text:I dyed my leather boots and here is how it went.	labels:I have dyed a leatherwallet from Fossil before! Left the leather wallet in a soaked shopping bag and forgot about it. By the time I finally took it out , the soft brown leather had a big wet stains all over it which could not be fixed. I couldn’t bring myself to throw it away because it’s a gift from my mom, so I decided to dye it black. It’s been 2 years since the dye job, and the dye has held up really well (might upload the current pic if enough people are interested). I’ve also helped friends refresh their leather wallets/accessories/furniture using black leather dye, all with good results.  Every time I see people saying that their dye job has chipped/faded (I remember a few youtubers trying to dye their beige Chanel bagsblack), it’s likely because one of the following three reasons:   1) the new dye was not treated with a sealant.  2) the coating/sealant from original piece was not completely stripped, or had oils/waxes (from hand/leather care products) remaining on the surface preventing the dye from sticking. 3) the material is not leather, but polyurethane.  Applying sealant is absolutely crucial for longevity IMO. r/leathercraft has helped me so much!  Beautiful work OP!	episode_done:True
text:PantsfulDan	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Alternative to bras?	labels:Depending on cup size there isn’t really anything. I’m a 34I and I just have to find a bra that fits right. I wear my bra for probably 15-16 hours a day. When it fits right that’s no problem.	episode_done:True
text:FAQ: How do I pick out my first suit for professional internships, interviews, etc.?	labels:I think the advice for "what to wear for job interviews" has changed a *lot* since the sub started. Increasingly suits aren't even a good idea in a lot of industries and you'll be over dressed.  Further, the advice from before was often to get "one good suit" and to spend a lot of money at Suit Supply or similar.   I think for a lot of people, suits will be so infrequently needed that spending $400 on a suit is most likely over kill. Especially if you're a student and on a budget.  Read the guides on how a suit should fit, a lot of that hasn't changed too much. Then go somewhere where you can try the garments on in person (writing this for if/when COVID ends) and go from there. I find it weird to recommend to beginners to try and order a suit online without seeing how the garment fits on you first or spending more than around $200 if it's something you'll need maybe twice a year for the career fairs.  Get something in a basic navy or charcoal, brown dress shoes, a white dress shirt, and a basic grenadine tie to go with it. Easy.
text:General Discussion - November 23, 2020	labels:Keep it on the low but I have been secretly going to the local sub shop that my s.o. hates because he thinks they are rude (they are). I take full advantage and put on a big trench coat, bucket hat, and sunglasses when I go because having an affair with a restaurant demands big fits.
text:Seize the means, comrade	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What age do you think you're too old to follow teenage-type style trends (ie e-girl style etc)? Or are you ever, why/why not?	labels:23 is young  And despite being archaic per Reddit's standards, I don't feel like i'm too old to wear any particular style. If I did feel old I would probably tap into my creative side and find a way to incorporate the style to my comfort level.
text:Wide with a slight taper gang	labels:Bloomers gang	episode_done:True
text:Hahaha. Yes, my worst purchase was probably a deposit on a wedding videographer that wasn't originally in the wedding budget, because why not splash out to preserve the memory of having all our loved ones in one place? 🙃 No wedding this year... We'll see who shows up in 2022 I guess.   Best purchase: not one but TWO dogs, both asleep on the floor nearby. (I love them both but I do recommend sticking to just the one. First one saved my sanity, second one might have robbed me of some of it again, but she's just a baby so she gets a pass.)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Who are your fashion idols?	labels:I have entire pinterest boards dedicated to Debbie Harry and Chloe Sevigny right now!	episode_done:True
text:Love Adam Lippes. Interesting work and such great quality. My pieces are also from TRR.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:You seem pretty knowledgeable about this brand. I am looking to get a piece appraised - could I get your email and see if you are familiar with a piece I own?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 05	labels:the only thing stopping me from schooling all of your ignorant asses, both left and right because i know how toxic both sides are from my time in Finland, is the mod order. because it is unbelievably annoying how people like you try to silence hundreds of millions of us, while at the same time claiming to fight for us. what the fuck is this monkey's flippin’ type of beat?? camel's burden? holy shit, i thought wide pant was supposed to parody the mil-surp master, but these days it fits the monkey-complex even more.
text:Hops professional, and same honestly.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Yeah, if we don’t go out we slump and slouch watching tv eating food. That’s a great way to ruin some special pieces. If i’m out then i’m fine with standing straight and not being reclined. I need to plan some events so I can wear those pieces.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 15, 2020	labels:Heading up to the beach for some cold weather surfing and I'm very excited to live my best "fall-winter beach clothes" life and channel my inner nanamica lookbook. The waves, unfortunately, look to be ankle slappers.	episode_done:True
text:Work From Home Outfits I Should Wear More Often	labels:Pants are overrated.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 15, 2020	labels:The wing collar on my shirt feels like it's losing it's stiffness, do i have to re-starch it?	episode_done:True
text:What’s on everyone’s Black Friday wishlists?	labels:I decided that working from home needs to be a luxurious experience lol- so I caved and bought a couple of pairs of silk joggers and some cashmere sweaters/ wraps. Still considering cashmere sweatpants from  off 5th saks.
text:Supreme Spring/Summer 2021	labels:Lmao at that baseball bat. I can imagine stepping up to the plate with it in my men's league. Immediate fastball to the face
text:How A Trouser Should Fit – The Armoury	labels:Great video. It is a little hard for me to imagine how their pants would fit me as my thighs are massive compared to the two men in the video but I’m sure if I look hard enough I’ll find an example.
text:Something along the lines of "what is this lady shit I thought this sub was for men" but... even more offensive🤦‍♂️	labels:Unsurprising, but I really want to know *exactly* how bad their take was. If it's that offensive though I'm prolly wrong and don't quote it.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 16, 2021	labels:Anybody know how much it would cost to get a the lining of a tweed jacket changed?	episode_done:True
text:Damn I feel this	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Better With Age: 10 Things Better Bought Used – Put This On	labels:Going to the alternations tailor for repairs has become something I genuinely look forward to. Creating my own vintage.	episode_done:True
text:Do you have a concept of "Par Value" in menswear?	labels:From a logical perspective, it makes a lot of sense and this system would work for most people. I think everyone naturally has a different idea of what "on par" means to them given their budget and taste and there's a saying that the value of a piece is what the buyer is willing to pay for it. Sometimes there will be those pieces that just speak to you regardless of the price and while those are a rarity, I would like to see that incorporated into this system. This is more true when you start going up the scale where fashion becomes more of an art form instead of "clothes". For me, I would pay $1000 for a Craig Green jacket because I love his work and it speaks to me on a deeper level like a '97 Honda NSX would; to me the experience is worth the money. While the numbers are important, to match your golf analogy, it's still a game to have fun.
text:Ah yes I too just throw away clothes the minute they pill because they're 'disintegrating'.   Have these people never seen clothes in real life? Have they never owned anything more than 3 months? I don't understand.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Those of you who, like me, don't have a closet (sob).. how do you organize your clothing/shoes/accessories/jewelry?	labels:I’ve got a wardrobe, and have previously had a dresser with a hanging bar on either end.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- November 04	labels:Is it obsessive to get a jacket in another color?  I got this simple jacket from costco last year 20 bucks in a emerald green and it goes well with some of my outfits and eye color tbh.  This year the green was olvie but had a darker portion on the sleeves which looked sleek so i got it too.  I dont really need another jacket but is 20 bucks and i generally dont get everything in every color.  I guess I feel a bit guilty, cause i do have a lot of clothes but i have a closet that isn't even entirely filled so...  i feel like a few things it's okay as long as it isn't everything?  the greens are diff imo, quite diff but def both "green".
text:A Soft History of American Radicals, Revolutionaries, and Christians — Die, Workwear!	labels:Sometimes, I'm not in the mood to read, so I read the title and skim through the pictures.  ... sooooo... Yeahhh, uhh... Radical knitwear. Gotcha.
text:White T-Shirt Tier List - Penguinz0	labels:These comments are gonna be great.	episode_done:True
text:+J/UNIQLO SPECIAL COLLABORATION: What’s the verdict?	labels:I don't fangirl any clothes to stalk the website but I loved the collection. I would've gone out of my way to go try it on in stores which is a lot of effort for me :D Knowing that the cotton is standard Uniqlo would make it a definite *No* for me but I'd love to try the wool and silks.
text:Store closings at malls	labels:I pretty infrequently went to the mall, but stores closing retail locations really doesn't impact their online store much. It can, if the stores are fulfilling the orders, but most major brands should be adapted to online long before today and are able to fulfill orders. It impacts the business in that they're not getting the retail location revenue but they're already established online with processes and can usually just adapt. Unfortunately, brands with retail locations can't be like Amazon because Amazon's business is really hosting the retail of other brands with some of its own products, which means it has more resources and volume to make various returns, deliveries, etc. more efficient. It's not without its issues itself. Unfortunately, it's a hard time for retailers. :(	episode_done:True
text:Amazon Wardrobe is a really good option if you do this. It let's you try on clothes and you only pay for the clothes if you keep them	labels:I usually return my entire box, but save on a wishlist the items I enjoyed so I can buy them when it's financially convenient for me. Prime Wardrobe has helped me with finding sizing so much!	episode_done:True
text:What was your first 'expensive' fashion purchase?	labels:I think mine was like a Triple 5 Soul hoodie that I bought from Aritzia waaaay back when I was 20. At that time most of my wardrobe was from American Eagle, so spending $100+ on a hoodie was a pretty big deal for me.	episode_done:True
text:large thighs is all we need in the autumn/winter	labels:My poor jorts are laying on my rack sad and unused :’(
text:Stealing her style: Nicole Kidman as "Grace Fraser" in "The Undoing"	labels:Those teal shoes. 🤩🤩 Fab. The whole color scheme is so pretty. Boho luxe is a great term for this.
text:Oh, I dunno, I think they can be useful. For example, the number of cold shoulder tops you can count are a great way to figure out if you should wait at a restaurant on the weekend	labels:	episode_done:True
text:"Can people just hate fashion again" - Synecdoche When Talking about the "Industry" Discussion	labels:I am not too proud to admit I don’t understand any of this long rambling post or the incoherent interview so I guess I have no opinion =|
text:What rockstar(s) you take fashion inspiration from? What do you like about their style?	labels:Joan Jett, the White stripes, and Debbie Harry! She really does have some amazing looks	episode_done:True
text:Women who have revamped your entire wardrobe — how did that go? What is your advice for the rest of us?	labels:Can I just ask why “as few pieces as possible” is the goal and not, say, “every piece in my wardrobe has a clear function or two, and sometimes that function is ‘because I feel like it’ or ‘because sequins make me happy?’”  A wardrobe you like is one that lets you be properly equipped for everything in your life and gives you a nice little aesthetic pick-me-up while you do it.   Before even shopping, I’d say: Look at your life. What do you do at work? What do you do in the community for volunteer work? How’s your social life? Are you outdoorsy? Do you have messy hobbies? Do your hobbies include going out to clubs and live shows and festivals? How often are you running meetings, speaking with elected officials, serving on committees? How often are you attending religious services, religious rites of passage, or big-deal family events like weddings?  Start with taking an inventory of your time and what you need your closet to do to help you be as prepared as possible for how you spend that time. Identify the holes in your working wardrobe, like “I need a good outfit for going to funerals” or “I need a warm weather first-day-at-the-new-job look.” Then you can settle questions of personal style, budget and what items fit more than one situation in your life.
text:What is your go-to favourite dress to wear in the cooler months?	labels:Definitely any kind of long-sleeved mini dress with fleece-lined tights underneath!   Right now I'm wearing a thick, black bodycon sweater dress (just... entirely in black, lol) and tomorrow for my birthday "party" I'm wearing a warm brown dress with white tights and brown booties underneath. My birthday can't get too depressing!  Long dresses and skirts definitely read super summery to me though, as they typically have that breezy look that makes it seem like they could trap air pretty easily.	episode_done:True
text:Discussion: LGBTQIA+ Signaling, Presentation, and Commodification in Fashion	labels:At some point I wanted others to know I'm gay from meeting me, so I got a pixie cut and called it good. It was a bad haircut, it didn't feel like "me", and guys still hit on me. I've gone through other time periods where others couldn't tell my sexuality from my appearance. This was something I was proud of, due to internalized homophobia. (But other queer women always knew. It's the vibe.)  Now, I'm more comfortable with myself and comfortable playing around with masc/femme in how I dress and present. I've made a few subtle changes with my clothes. But what has really made a difference is allowing myself to use more masculine mannerisms - the way I stand, the way I talk, the way I carry myself. In the past I've felt awkward in social settings despite being an extrovert, and I've recently realized this is mainly due to the dissonance between the gender role I'm expected to perform, and what's going on internally. By accepting my androgynous/masculine side, I've started to feel free of awkwardness.  To me, queer fashion is not one thing. There are many different queer and lesbian fashion styles. Just like straight people, we have different subcultures and styles within queerness. You got your art queers, your sporty queers, your co-op queers, your preppy queers. But there's often an element of playing with and mixing masculine and feminine and androgynous, both in the clothes and the way you wear them and the way you act.	episode_done:True
text:I will never not love everything the Olsen's wore in their NYU/early NYC days.   We're about the same age and I still absolutely love them but I don't really get their style nowadays.   It reads as very old to me - which I guess is understandable given The Row's target demographic.   I miss MK's old face, too	labels:	episode_done:True
text:OMG. LITERALLY THE SAME FOR ME.    &#x200B;  I think It’s a form of PTSD lol	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Not at all. You put some crazy work into that guide. It's awesome and there's great info in there. I didn't  knw Tiffany's silver was rhodium plated.	labels:Neither did I but I was curious as to why my Tiffany silver looked different to everything else and wasn't experiencing as much wear so I looked it up. It's definitely noticeable.  Edit: you know, I'm actually not sure where I read that and now that I try to look it up again I can't find any information on their website (in fact, I found some quora posts claiming the opposite). I don't want to mislead anyone so I'm going to take that out.	episode_done:True
text:I only get business outerwear pieces that are dry clean only. For example, blazers, slacks, stiff skirts, etc. I find that I don’t need to clean these pieces after every wear, not to mention I only wear them once, maybe twice a week and only during the school year (I’m part of a coed business fraternity). I find that the dry clean only versions of these items are sturdier and made of thicker material than the non dry clean only versions so it’s worth it to me to take those in once a month or every other month depending on level of wear.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:WEEKLY DEALZ	labels:I am still reeling from the Nordstrom rack sales on Everlane items. They are so good. The sneakers are really good quality for 19 bucks, and I do see sizes come back, if you check daily. I bought a pair for myself and a pair for my friend.  I also bought a few clothing items that is taking forever to ship though. I might cancel some of them and wait out the rest. I mean, 30ish bucks for dresses/jumpsuits and 40s for cashmere is a pretty good deal, and it's not like Everlane's style is gonna change much. They sell the same shit year in and year out.
text:Why Ralph Lauren Never Goes Out of Style	labels:Fuck I read the hand painted bears, checked the article publication date, checked the date, cried into my laptop 😂	episode_done:True
text:Books on Fashion	labels:I really liked The Battle of Versailles by Robin Givhan.	episode_done:True
text:What did your mom teach you about fashion/style - and what did she not teach you?	labels:If I picture my mom's typical winter outfit it was a sweater with snakes wearing sombreros and margaritas embroidered on it, a burgundy "sweater jacket" with fringe, and a pink/orange/green bucket purse.*  So I guess she taught me "fuck it, wear what you want", but it did take me a while to adopt that attitude.   *tbf, this was a look for moms in the 90s
text:What do you guys think about sites like Poshmark and Curtsey?	labels:So far, my experience with Poshmark has been good.  I have been able to sell some of my clothes that I no longer wanted and at the same time, I've bought a few nice pieces.  Right now I'm wearing a v-neck Merino wool sweater that I got from Poshmark.	episode_done:True
text:People with an over the top personal style, how do you incorporate it into your day to day?	labels:As someone who dresses like an absolute nut job I have learned that generally speaking as long as your outfit is overall appropriate for the situation, you can get away with murder. Like I wouldn't wear a sequined micro mini or ballgown to my office job, but I would absolutely wear a velvet suit and a bunch of brooches. I have also noticed that when I wear pieces that I love, my confidence increases throughout the day. Sometimes I have moments in the day where I look down and think "dang, this outfit is cool and I feel cool!" Those moments just give me a boost of confidence all on their own. The last thing is that people are generally too busy with their own lives to notice what you're wearing. They're doing them, so do you and have fun with it!   edit-words
text:That’s how I feel too! ^^I’m ^^in ^^this ^^picture ^^and ^^I ^^don’t ^^like ^^it	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Overdressing - Discussion	labels:Oh god. I'm instantly reminded of the embarrassment I felt whenever I showed up to a pregame for a frat formal and then realized it was SEMIFORMAL. I was there in a long red gown and everyone was in minidresses... I already felt out of place because I wasn't in a sorority, just was dating a guy in the frat. Thankfully I begged my bf at the time to bring me home before the formal and I changed to a better dress.  Anyway, I tend to be an overdresser. In college I felt more comfortable dressed how I wanted to rather than in big tshirts and athletic shorts or leggings. At the office, I work with a bunch of old dudes that are wearing polos at their dressiest lol. I'm perfectly fine being the odd one out there.  I think it's mostly rude to overdress whenever there's a stated dresscode. Like in my first example, I wouldn't call it "rude" but it definitely looked off.
text:Does AGE really effect your choice of Fashion - Clothing Trends (Discussion)	labels:I’m 40, so here is an old’s perspective on this. I do think that certain super-trendy looks which work on a 25-year-old can look silly on an older guy, particularly if he seems uncomfortable. But at least he’s trying! What’s far more common is older guys whose shopping habits don’t change at all between age 25 and 45, and they’re still wearing band t-shirts to most social functions and showing up to weddings in a suit they bought in 2005 when they were 30 pounds lighter. Here, age is negatively impacting their look, not because they’re trying to look too young, but because they’re stuck in the past.  From a younger guy’s perspective, when I was 25 I remember feeling frustrated that my social circle wore nothing but hoodies everywhere, and my lifestyle didn’t really afford me many opportunities to dress up. While I totally agree that dressing well doesn’t mean dressing up, I’ve always liked to dress up. And I was a little annoyed that I couldn’t wear a blazer out to a dive bar without someone making a joke about my yacht club membership. This is an area where as I got older, my lifestyle changed so that I had a lot more opportunities to wear tailoring and other more “adult” clothes, both at work and in my social life. At least until COVID. My 25-year-old self would have enjoyed wearing a lot of the stuff in my 2021 closet (maybe with some tweaks to the fit!), but he would have had nowhere to actually wear it.	episode_done:True
text:Experimenting With Different Focal Lengths & Landscape || Portrait	labels:I think different people's faces / facial features look better/worse on different focal lengths. I've learned that I feel like I look really bad on anything below 50-55mm. Things lower make my facial features look really sharp/angular. My brother is super photogenic though, but his features begin to look a bit worse at 70. He already has a slightly round face and it just gets squashed more at that mm.	episode_done:True
text:Menswear I Drool Over: FW/2021 Part III	labels:Is it just me or does this stuff seem weird?
text:*implying no 18east boner here*	labels:My pp would throb harder for them if their sizing wasn’t so fucking wack. I’ve got a 31 true waist and their extra small bottoms are absolutely massive on me	episode_done:True
text:Internet arguments are America’s new pastime    Edit: The World’s*	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Jeans: Recommendations and Reviews	labels:Honestly I think you have to give way more detail on your old pair and what you’re looking for.  In my mind the biggest hurdle to perfect jeans is the fit, and since every body is different this is highly individual. Some people might prefer stretchier denim for a more forgiving fit, while others look for stiffer fabric, and have less leeway.   Personally I still struggle to find a high rise, non cropped, fits my thighs and waist, plain dark wash, straight/skinny, 90% or more cotton, pair of jeans. But hopefully I’ll find it eventually!
text:Favorite fashion bloggers that are your size?	labels:I totally agree!! I kept looking for inspo and all I would get is plus sized ladies or just the regular thin ones. They look great and no hate to them but I’m trying to find something more in the middle.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - February 14, 2021	labels:I need help finding a Puma hoodie or jacket. So this puma hoodie or jacket. Its black and has the words puma white and bold on the sleeves and i think back of the jacket. It also has the word puma in a small white box on chest area on the left. Im searching online and i cant find it. I hope someone here knows aboyt it or can give me tips on how to find it.	episode_done:True
text:Accessories newbie and am not sure where to start...what are your must-have starter pieces?	labels:I think it would be good to start with some gold and silver necklaces that you can layer like basic chains with charms and some some hoop earrings, pearls, or diamond studs. You can even get some colorful jewelry for statement pieces or a pop or color. And I would say get a black belt and a brown belt cause they can go with anything almost.
text:How do you challenge yourself?	labels:I bought some heeled Doc Martens and have discovered an alter ego I didn't know existed before! Didn't think I would be able to "sell" them but they have invoked a change in attitude for the better in my opinion.  More of a "I'm here, and you'll just have to deal with it" from the previous of almot saying "sorry" for simply being in the same room as someone else due to me thinking it was the polite thing to do. What bs that was, I can see it now. So yeah, thank you Docs for giving me that push for discovering and acknowledging my own self-worth.	episode_done:True
text:Can you have a clothing style without actually wearing that certain style much?	labels:This isn’t a direct answer to your question, but I’ve found I have a ‘hopeful’ sense of style and a ‘realistic’ sense of style.  Hopeful-me will think about buying a teal floral wrap dress because it’s gorgeous. Realistic-me knows it will sit in my closet untouched for 3 years because I don’t wear teal!   I’ve learned to differentiate between the two while I shop, at least. If I was a celebrity suddenly, maybe I would lean towards hopeful-me’s style, but for now I am normal and realistic!
text:Best White T-Shirts for Men 2021 - Wirecutter	labels:I am currently wearing a Lady White Co white t shirt, I love the fit and material.. but I dyed it brown lmao.  These are great t shirts, except something about them is just impossible to keep white. Maybe they havent been bleached as much ,or for some reason the fibers absorb more color, but it has been a real pain since day one. I don't really understand it  After the first wash left these weird extra white blotchy patches, which only showed up in direct sunlight. After many washes, these seemed to have gone away, though I'm not sure if the overall color has changed.  These shirts are constantly getting discolored by the wash (admittedly high in iron), and picks up all sorts of residue from the drying rack, or normal wear. Compared to every other white garment I've had, they are just super finicky. Like, its not ever been an issue with my other shirts, but these are always finding new stains to show off. One might say that I'm more critical of a $50 shirt than a $10 one, but I feel like this is an objective observation.  Ultimately, I'm much happier having dyed them to other colors. I prefer clothes which look better with age, so I tend to avoid white generally, but these are extra frustrating given the price and the hype. It dosnt matter to me how great the construction or fit is if they are a pain to keep clean.  The article says they are "offwhite", maybe this has changed? I feel like mine were very white to begin with.  It makes me wonder if something is different about the bleach or dyeing method compared to other brands	episode_done:True
text:What do you carry in your handbag?	labels:The weather is kinda crazy right now. Sprinkle in the mornings. Hot in the day. Cold at night. So my current bag is the Longchamp Neo crossbody. It's my Mary Poppins bag that also keeps my hands free.  I carry my life in my bag six days a week for work. I don't baby my bags and this is easy to dump out and wipe clean.  Inside: I have my small wallet. Essentials punch with neosporin, bandaid, hand sanitizers, extra gloves, extra masks, some meds. Tiger balm, salonpas, hair ties, pads, wipes. A diaper. A beanie with a puff. Tea bags, instant coffee packets, sugar packets, mayo and mustard packets. Soy sauce. Chopsticks, spoons, and forks. Various random snacks. Electrolytes drink mix packets. My makeup bag. A note pad, random pens. Phone charger cord and battery charger. Glasses case...  That's what I see so far. I carry alot.  If I am carrying light. I have a Coach Cassie Crossbody bag that I carry for going out.	episode_done:True
text:Wardrobe Problems: Separates	labels:I have dresses and pants. Pants and skirts require different length shirts so I don't do both.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 19	labels:Need help finding pants  I am looking for cargos or joggers in darker earthy tones for under $200. I like the colors of FOG but their pants fit slim and I’m looking for a looser baggier fit. Any ideas?	episode_done:True
text:WAYWT - October 19	labels:Black RL Jean jacket, BLACK H&M T-shirt,  BLACK R13 Jeans,  Converse Chuck 70 black n offwhite  Ysl plain black belt
text:Favorite Etsy Shops/thrift accounts?	labels:I like @gypsetco on Instagram for jewelry! I also bought a ring as a gift from the Etsy shop silvertraits and the packaging was so incredibly nice when it arrived, I was thrilled to give it as a gift!   KhanivorClothing is a great one too if you like the artists they have, the seller was really helpful when I had a sizing issue.
text:Appreciate the kinds words brother.  I may take you up on that offer one day.   Likewise, you get to Detroit area look me up.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Sharing the Pants: Androgyn-ish trends album	labels:I love these. I have a difficult time finding professional pants in my size that aren't extremely tight and it's really frustrating.	episode_done:True
text:Officially, antique means something 100 years or older. Vintage is considered 20 years or older, but the definition isn’t quite as strict as antique.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Do you follow the conventional rules around "flattering your figure?"	labels:I've written about this before, but as someone who is 5'2 on a good day, I have stopped giving a shit about looking "longer and leaner."  In fact, I reject the idea that I should want to look taller. Maybe all those 5'7 women should be taking advice on how to make their legs look as stubby as mine. <--Obviously a joke but to make a point. How stupid is it that I should feel like my natural body is something to correct?  I'm an old woman, lol, and over the course of my life I have never found that my stubby legs (that I was once self-conscious about) have kept me from career advancement or from finding people who thought I was beautiful and wanted to have sex with me, so what's the freaking problem?  Fuck conventional figure flattery.  That being said, of course there are things I think look better on me than other things and I tend to wear the things I think look better in ways I think look better most of the time.  Except when the comfort or beauty of a garment is so outstanding it overrules that.  Thanks for coming to my TED talk.  There are cookies on the table in the back.
text:Which pieces make you feel like you’re really cool?	labels:Anything that has a gothic boho faerie witch vibe!	episode_done:True
text:Balenciaga FALL/WINTER 2021 (Afterworld: The Age of Tommorow)	labels:need armored knight boots, those are sick.
text:General Discussion - November 19, 2020	labels:Hey /u/theteenagegentleman, I saw you on the Spier and Mackay Instagram story the other day. It was neat.
text:Japanese winter fashion trend 2020/2021	labels:Yo these Patagonia retro fleece are timeless!	episode_done:True
text:Yeah, g*mers suck, always have always will, consistently one of the most toxic communities to exist.  -someone who wasted too much of my early life playing online video games before realizing how much I generally hated them, I pretty much only play singleplayer stuff now, and not even much of it at that	labels:	episode_done:True
text:These sorts of fits are super super trendy right now,!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Bottega Veneta is owned by Kering but yeah the same thing still applies to them too.  I noticed that right after Phoebe Philo left Celine and that brand changed the whole look with Hedi Slimane, there was influencers on social media etc calling BV the 'new Celine' and hyping the brand, it was getting pushed on places like GQ and other mags too. Maybe that was an organic shift and the Phoebe Philo Celine fans just wanted a new brand to love after she left but also, it could easily be inside marketing from BV and Kering to take advantage of that space. And I remember Celine never used to have an Instagram page, social media or much of an online presence at all that kept it kind of mysterious, now BV is trying that. More than a coincidence?	labels:Good correction. Mixed it up as I was lasered in on the LV comparison.  Agreed. Between BV, The Row, recast Jil, Peter Do, even Lemaire in a way, seems to be a bunch of brands that've been competing for that post-Celine mantle. Could be them trying to speak quietly loudest, yeah.	episode_done:True
text:The Fall Edit: Mr. Ethan M. Wong on the Rugby, Balmacaan, Western Shirt, and Raw Denim	labels:The only way to get a balmacaan is by going vintage? Okay, I guess I won't own a balmacaan after all :(
text:Moncler acquires Stone Island	labels:TIL: moncler and stone island fans are like apple vs. android fans	episode_done:True
text:What are you looking forward to buying for "pandemic life" this summer?	labels:Bike shorts and baggy cropped tees! If this summer is anything like the last, I’ll spend the entire time biking around my city and drinking beers in parks or on my friends roofs. Bike shorts are cute but still bike friendly (ofc) and i love a plain cottony or loose fitting tee.
text:This pisses me off so much. Something tells me he never made that mistake with his nice clothes.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How to find the confidence to wear clothes you like?	labels:Confidence usually comes as a result of doing things. Part of this is trying new things and facing the fact that you might make mistakes; and that's okay, because it's a learning experience. It is not a crime to buy something and realise later it's not for you. Everyone does it.   Some people don't like the idea of making mistakes, so they try and protect themselves and the people they love from them. Sounds like your mother is like that. But at the end of the day, your clothes are for you to wear and wash. Her opinion is just an opinion. The only way you'll know is by wearing the clothes, washing the clothes and seeing how YOU feel about it.	episode_done:True
text:That sweater sounds amazing.  source: am mom.	labels:I really didn't appreciate her taste enough. One thing I did steal from her were a pair of earrings that are just dangling wooden parrots. I did like her Christmas party uniform, which was a long navy dress, a cream colored military style jacket, and block heeled sling backs.  The 90s really were a trip.
text:I know “fashion” but people of minorities are always forced to try better. Some Insights	labels:As someone who has actually read the journal article, it is clear that literally no one else has.	episode_done:True
text:I recently got a pile-lined fleece throw blanket from Uniqlo.  On especially cold days, I place it \*under\* my top sheet so it's directly on my skin and OMG...it feels so warm and comfortable!  I actually sleep better with this blanket.  The other great thing about this blanket is that it has snaps so you can wear it over your shoulders around the house...so I guess you can count it as a clothing item!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I hadn’t considered climatization! that’s a really helpful tip.	labels:Yay! Happy to be a help!	episode_done:True
text:What’s some of the best general advice you’d give to someone new to female fashion?	labels:Keeping proportions in mind has been helpful for me (I am long-waisted relative to my height). Also, I have found the phrase "just flattering enough" to be helpful. An outfit doesn't need to be perfect for you to enjoy wearing it.
text:For those who define their style as "classic-traditional" (tailored, fitted, matching, sleek), what are your typical outfits for work, on the weekends, date-night, running errands or lounging around?	labels:I have a pseudo-capsule wardrobe. I technically own only a few clothing items, but in several versions. For instance, several white blouses: 4 x poplin (different fits and collars), 2 x linen, silk in a minimalist version and more  dressy one with flowing sleeves, you get the idea. I too like pencil skirts, and most of my pants are either dark jeans or straight leg or slightly tapered pants in black, navy, grey, and white, depending on the fabric and/or cut they are more or less smart/casual. I don't get too trendy so I can get longer wear without looking dated. I love scarves and if I want a pop of color I'll usually go for a colorful scarf.    Work is boring, most of the time dark jeans or dark pants and a blouse or tee and a cardigan. And flats. I need to feel comfortable or I won't get anything done. During spring and fall, when the AC isn't turning my workplace into a freezer, I get a lot of wear out of my grey wool sheath dress, 4 years and still going strong!  Going out: I switch out a cardigan for a blazer, flats to heels, and put on makeup. Grab a fancier purse than my usual work black leather tote. I have some pearl and gold inherited pieces of jewelry I might bring out for special occasions.  At home I'm a slob, sorry, I have nobody to impress. Yoga pants and tees it is, as well as  everyday clothing that shows signs of wear and is comfortable enough to lounge around.	episode_done:True
text:Casual Wool Trousers	labels:Most of these would look excellent if the trousers actually fit. They all look uncomfortably tight. The slim-fit trend did not treat wool well.	episode_done:True
text:What are you most comfortable clothing items (cute or not)?	labels:Nothing is as comfortable as an oversized tshirt and loosely fitted panties PERIOD.
text:The amount of cuffed/cropped pants with loafers and rugbies pleases me greaterly	labels:really gets me itching for a pair of tassels	episode_done:True
text:What do you carry in your handbag?	labels:Depends on what the day is like for me.  I have the Madewell Medium Leather Transport Tote currently as my daily go-to and I normally have my phone, keys, wallet, some basic toiletries (chapstick, eye drops, ibuprofen, candies in case blood sugar gets low) in a small zipped bag, and more often than I'd like there are some random receipts and other things that should be cleared out.  When I'm traveling, all the extra space in the bag is used for things like carrying a light cardigan, small water bottle, headphones, small notebook, and other necessities for the day. It's been great for it's versatility.  I've thought about the idea of getting a higher end purse, (I think the Neverfull Tote from LV looks nice) but I honestly can't seem to confidently justify spending 10x more on basically the same thing (large tote bag) I currently have. Would like to hear more on why people buy luxury items and their experiences!
text:you should buy Barbour from uk sites. They are 200 dollars cheaper, usually.	labels:Do you get dinged with shipping/taxes/duties? Is it $200 cheaper after all that too?
text:Let's talk about sneakers	labels:the Hoka sneakers are the it shoe of this year	episode_done:True
text:Also, my wife and I have been remarking that it seems every single package costs $16 to send, no matter how big or far it's going.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Can the stain of forced and child labour be removed from cotton?	labels:Interesting article detailing the extreme difficulty of being able to accurately track cotton sources.  My one quibble with the article, and media in general surrounding issues like this is their sugar coating it. Call it what it is. It's not forced labor. It's fucking slavery.
text:I want to eliminate the need for dry cleaning my work wardrobe. Sadly, anything nice seems incompatible with machine wash. What long lasting, work pieces have been easiest for you to maintain?	labels:I WFH permanently now, but when I worked in an office I wasn't able to escape dry-clean-only clothing; there are some things that just need to be dry cleaned. However, I used Dryel to great effect (awesome for things that aren't stained or stinky and don't really need to be pressed). I will also say, many many clothing items that say "dry clean only" can be washed either by hand, or in the machine on a delicate setting with wool wash or other gentle low-suds detergent. (My dry cleaner, of all people, actually advised me to start washing my cashmere sweaters rather than bringing them in for cleaning - she said dry cleaning dries out and breaks down the fibers and washing them at home would help them last longer. I am still wearing my cashmere sweaters and so far, she's been correct.) If something is very structured or has an acetate lining I never try to wash it, but I have washed other things that were poly blends or wool blends and were marked "dry clean only," and as long as you hang them up to dry, it works fine.
text:Just how revolutionary is Harry Styles’ Vogue cover?	labels:Women look better in dresses.  You can be as progressive and woke as you want, and encourage whatever you want so people can express themselves, but aesthetics dont care about that stuff. Womens clothing is typically styled to cater to the female (sex) body. People always comment on the dress itself, or whether it works, but never how that same outfit would just look better on a female.  This is a matter of aesthetic and taste to some extent, and thinking that men generally look bad in dresses is a justified opinion.
text:Post-Baby Problems I Wish Someone Had Warned Me About	labels:This is terrifying thanks 😂😭
text:advice on how to stop buying clothes I don't need?	labels:Stick it in your cart then close the tab. Come back to it if you’re still thinking about it a few days later. Lots of things I’ve wanted I end up not getting once I put some time between finding it and actually buying it.
text:Naked and famous 9 times out of 10   Levi's has offered higher grade denim options since at least the early 2000s. The quality on the made and crafted isnt what it used to be unfortunately.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Denim Jacket as a Layering Piece	labels:As a mid layer, it looks forced and unnatural to me. I am curious about others thoughts, does this look good to anyone?
text:Inspo Album: Y2K Style For Anybody!	labels:I've been loving this style recently! Honestly with this year being like it is, it's nice to just wear something fun.  Now that I don't have an occasion to see people as much, I want my outfits to be more memorable to make up for it. The icy blue and lime green tones really pop against my skin too, and its just such a vivid contrast to the more adult, classic style I've been trying to force myself into in the last few years. ~~Plus low-rise jeans make my butt look amazing~~  Essentially, it's all of the clothes I remember loving as a child, as well as what I wanted to emulate from my cool older cousins!	episode_done:True
text:2020 in Hindsight: A Year in Fashion — Die, Workwear!	labels:Athleisure’s popularity was already sky-high. I think this cemented it’s status as the new status-quo. At least from my perspective in North America.    I don’t know if it will last forever but probably at least the first half of this decade.
text:What are your favorite, trusted clothing lines for buying wear-forever investment classics?	labels:For cashmere specifically, you should try Pringle of Scotland, Johnston of Elgin, and Agnona on resell sites. They are top tier cashmere brands but not " well known" like Brunello Cuccinelli or Loro Piana. Brora is also very good quality but their styles can be a little "JC Penny" or "Kohls” catalog. I don't know how you describe it, but yeah.  Otherwise, what immediately came to mind for me is Adam Lippes. It's insanely expensive, up there with your “fashion house designers” but unlike those, it's not super well known and not an "it-brand" so there's not a lot of fakes floating around. I thrift it off of Ebay, the RealReal, and occasionally discount sites and never worry about authenticating it the way I would for say, Chanel, Dior, Gucci, Prada etc. I'm no stranger to designer goods but their material and construction is absolutely amazing. Like the highest quality, weightiest fabric you can imagine. Honestly you could wear their shirts inside out because the hems are finished so perfectly, it'd be hard to tell.   Another one that I love that I NEVER hear of is Petar Petrov. What that brand does with silk is frankly incredible. The colors and cuts (especially their very flattering body skimming bias cuts) are stunning in person and nothing like any kind other designer I’ve ever seen. Again pricey pricey, but not popular/not high in demand so a diligent online shopper could thrift it more easily.  Sometimes even with truly luxury designer, I feel like the consumer is paying for the logo-bling, design and but necessarily quality. But these two luxury brands are IMO consistently both design and quality and no visible logos.
text:Is anyone into MBTI? Do you feel like your fashion preferences align with your personality type?	labels:INTJ here... Either pajamas (or equivalents like yoga pants and tatty tshirts) or my workwear uniform (black pants, black blazer, silk shirts). I own nothing in between.. or well, I aspirationally do but wear none of it.   I hate high heels and will either wear flats, Chelsea boots, or my borderline-work-appropriate combat boots which I have been told are “on brand” for me lol	episode_done:True
text:Fall Fashion Inspo!	labels:I plan on dressing in a lot of wool, plaid, tweed, and leather. I definitely play it safe as I live in a pretty rural area in a conservative part of the country, but I am envisioning lots of plaid, wool shackets, chunky boots, mom jeans, long, wool coats, chunky knit sweaters in neutral/autumnal tones, gold jewelry, leather jackets & pants, etc. I typically wear a lot of earthy tones as well, but I love a pop of red here and there. I'll try to get a board together to put a picture with what I'm describing, but any Youtube video titled Fall 2020 clothing haul will probably give you an idea of what I'll be wearing as I'm not much of a fashion risktaker lol.  I have been searching all the resale sites for vintage wool shackets, as the Zara one I'm interested in keeps selling out and its like 90% polyester anyway. I plan on buying a few vintage pendleton/ll bean/eddie bauer oversized wool flannels to wear as jackets instead.
text:Lower quality items during Nordstrom Anniversary Sale?	labels:I realized this during black friday sales a few years ago.  I think all retailers do it.  Brands create special products for "X Retailer Only" with a discounted price which is really just a lower quality item but passed off to the customer as if it's a great deal.  I'm done with big sales.
text:General Discussion - November 24, 2020	labels:Is StyleForum just MFA with a massive 18East boner?
text:It's a staple basic. Yes it's fine.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How many clothes do you have? (Really?)	labels:I have no idea how many total pieces I have. I counted black dresses recently and I had 18.
text:Hey thanks for the suggestion. Sorry, I should have clarified this but I'm also allergic to hemp, linen, wool, and a few more obscure fabrics.  I'm willing to pay as much as needed for this kind of "alternative material" jean.  Leather might be an option but I'm vegetarian so it would need to be vegan leather probably	labels:I definitely recommend updating your original post with this info btw, it will yield you a lot more useful responses.	episode_done:True
text:Ya I got really put off fur this year learning about fur farms and all that. We have good enough modern materials to not need fur anymore so the people buying it are literally ok with animal torture and slaughter just to have a look, seems like.	labels:True. What are your thoughts on real leather?
text:What are your favorite, trusted clothing lines for buying wear-forever investment classics?	labels:Since a lot of people aren’t saying size inclusive brands, I will say Universal Standard. They carry from size 000 to size 40 and their fabrics and textures are amazing. Also I love their jeans so much.	episode_done:True
text:Honestly expect one within the week	labels:Noted lol	episode_done:True
text:People who used to play super safe with fashion, how did you overcome your fear of bold choices?	labels:I wear it at home. So I can get used to it without others seeing me. After a bit I suddenly feel more comfortable.   Also, avoid mirrors! This helped massively when I was trying to get comfortable wearing bright lipsticks.
text:Bernie Sanders' Mittens Won the Inauguration Fit Battle - And you, too, can own your own toasty upcycled woolen mitts.	labels:Somewhat serious question: why wear mittens while you could wear gloves?
text:I wish bolo ties would come back into fashion. I'm in the northeast but spent some time living in the southwest as a student in the early 90s so I bought a couple of them then. Plus I used to make beadwork jewelry and accessories before my arthritis got so sucky and I made several bolo ties of my own beading around gemstone cabachons.   I wish button covers would make a comeback as well since I have a button cover set made by a Navajo jewelry artist that are sterling silver with designs etched on them.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The Conscious and Somber Decision of Solid Jacketing	labels:I'm a big fan of patterned pants, and thus solid jackets. Menswear already has so many pieces on the torso (tie, jacket, shirt, pocket square, maybe vest) that things just feel too top-heavy if wearing a patterned jacket and solid pants.
text:Sometimes I wonder how of this is bias towards the present.   There definitely have been large scale trends lately: notably luxury streetwear, which is starting to ebb (Virgil Abloh, Kim Jones, and Jerry Lorenzo have all been trying to pivot to tailoring lately).  Sure, not everybody has been on the streetwear train, but not everybody in the past marched in trendy lockstep either. We think of the eighties as pretty homogenous, but football shoulder *Wall Street* tailoring, prep, punk, and new wave were all happening at the same time, Issey Miyake was in the middle of his career and Comme and Yohji were getting their starts. If you were living in the middle of that and you cared about fashion, you probably wouldn't think there was just one trendy thing at a time either.   Maybe in 2060 we'll all be looking back on the 10s as The Streetwear Era and think that trends are just at that moment starting to die.	labels:I was gonna say something similar but you put it much better than I would have hahaha. I do think there’s more individual subcultures now than ever though! More and more people are able to dress how they want and embrace their identity than ever and it’s awesome!
text:Precisely.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 26	labels:Quarantine ultra depression is creepin its way back folks. I think the realization that there won’t be sports after tomorrow or Wednesday has finally set in, which has been all I’ve looked forward to for the past couple months. I gotta take up learning the guitar or something or I’m just gonna fucking lose it. Does anyone have recommendations got learning to play online?
text:Has anyone lost their wardrobe creativity as they’ve gotten older? How do you get it back?	labels:Seems like you didn’t really identify your style all the way. It is good to reflect a little bit on what you want to present to the world. And figure out a few tokens to be your signature.    Maybe make a goal to wear a great outfit on your next errand day. Try out some great shoes an interesting dress or whatever it is you want to experiment with when it is low stakes.	episode_done:True
text:I needed this. I’m usually so confident in my outfits but there’s just something about turning 30 plus comments here and there from my older family members that make me second guess myself and make me wonder if I need to find a new style even though I love my clothes and style.	labels:If your clothes and style works for you and your lifestyle, why change it? I think it would be wasteful and shallow to toss it all and buy a whole new wardrobe if the only reason is "I turned 30"   I'm speaking a 30+ woman. One of my favorite things about this decade is for the first time in my life I know what I like and other people can like what they like and we don't have to cater to each other to get along, I can just make choices I want to make and take responsibility for them myself, no need to let others dictate even minute things like the clothes i wear!	episode_done:True
text:Stop hotwashing things and putting them in the dryer.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- November 02	labels:I love Joe Biden’s style. He’s the most put-together 77-year-old I’ve ever seen. Does anyone know what brands or styles he wears? I especially love the topcoat he wears to rallies. Is there a website like wornontv, but for politicians?
text:/r/titlegore	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What was your first 'expensive' fashion purchase?	labels:I feel super poor after reading this haha! This year I turned thirty (COVID birthday whoo) and bought my first ever designer purse, a small tote from Kate Spade. I absolutely love it and look forward to using it every day.
text:High Rises, Immaculate Pleating and Loose Silhouettes: Work Pants & Trousers in LA Cholo style	labels:Great Post. Those pleats on the first picture are amazing. Sorry *pleat...*	episode_done:True
text:Alexander Wang accused of a history of sexual harassment - fashion in a year of reckoning?	labels:I work in fashion and feel that the rage and “do the right thing” mentality only lasts as long as everyone sticks together (during a moment like #metoo or the protests after the murder of George Floyd.) A lot of people working in fashion are on a gig-by-gig basis so it’s Everyman for himself as far as success goes. People will turn a blind eye to the wrong doings of companies if it means that they themselves can get another paycheck or take a step up the ladder. It’s not that they themselves are immoral but it’s a hard industry to make it in and you can feel powerless when you’re not at the top. When you are on your own, which is most days, you will lose sight of the bigger picture of an ideal future.  For example this summer I read that FreePeople implemented racist practices within their stores. I added them to a list of companies that I didn’t want to work for (I’m freelance.) A month ago I was offered an opportunity to work with them and even though on principal I didn’t want to, I still considered it because I need a paycheck and the name would be good for me to have on my resume and would lead to more work.  Until their are unions to protect freelancers the fashion industry will remain corrupt. Everyone is afraid of being blacklisted and/or broke.
text:they're more expensive but yeah they exist. first thing that comes to mind is Pendleton shirts	labels:	episode_done:True
text:You rock. That is your style! Dressing eccentrically suits you, your personality, your profession, your passion - and you do it expertly with the knowledge and eye of a textile specialist. I think OP is talking about the trend of people paying tons of money to emulate the eccentric look without understanding any of it. Their goal is simply to project an image, not to express themselves. They're poseurs who collect a hodgepodge of fashionable pieces but never manage to come up with an ensemble that is really them.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are the most recommended items of this subreddit?	labels:Ever heard of killshots
text:Shitpost Saturday: You Are What You Wear	labels:I live in Patagonia b/c as a certified Colorado Native™️ my long, rock-climber arms need to stay covered in busy, Indigenous-appropriated prints while I summit the U.S.' highest peaks with enough gear to sherpa a herd of New Englanders to the top of Everest.   Unrelated: can anyone recommend a vegan-down parka suitable for the Phish cover band concert at my local dog park brewery?  Namaste.
text:What's on your 2021 fashion wishlist?	labels:World peace, a successful COVID vaccine distribution, and some Birdies Starling in slate grey. Also to lose 20 lbs so the clothes I have fit better.  Is that too much to ask?	episode_done:True
text:What’s some of the best general advice you’d give to someone new to female fashion?	labels:Lots of good advice here already. One thing maybe worth adding: be aware that a lot of women's retailers use soft-feeling but lower quality fabric. At places like Zara and H&M, the men's clothes will be made of nice cotton or wool blends, and then nearly identical garments in the women's section will be flimsy rayon blends (knitwear, especially). It's easy to get duped by something that feels nice in the shop, until you get home and realise it's made of nasty sweaty acrylic. The stitching and construction can also be shoddier, so you'll end up with garments that look warped and awkward after one wash. (My husband is often shocked by the difference in quality when we shop together.) Maybe you've already noticed this, but I wish someone had told me these things when I started shopping for myself :)  Another thing to know is a lot of women's clothes are labeled "dry clean only" or "hand wash only." You'll want to carefully read the labels so you don't ruin anything! The tumble dryer is not your friend, except for socks/undies/workout clothes. That said, most "dry clean only" items that aren't heavily embellished can be gently hand washed and air dried, but if you don't want the hassle, check the label before you buy.	episode_done:True
text:Thoughts on jumpsuits?	labels:I drink water constantly and a few cups of tea a day so anything that is that difficult to take off is a no for me unfortunately.
text:>You don’t have to keep buying progressively more expensive stuff, and can instead enjoy what’s in a price tier you’re comfortable with.  This is one of the most level headed responses on the page and something that resonates with me. Basically all of my shoes are in the $300-$450 USD range and while I like having quality shoes and want to talk about GYW shoes and raw denim and stuff, it just is unfathomable for me to spend US$500+ on shoes at this time. Maybe when I'm making $200k a year I can think about spending that kinda money on shoes but it just doesn't make sense to me.  And, truly, if you're buying even a pair of AEs. If you don't wear them like a tool box, you will have them for years to come anyway.  Some of the other brands like Enzo Bonafe, John Lobb, etc, that other people have rec'd might not end up resonating with OP. They might, but they don't have to. I can appreciate people opening OPs eyes to other high end brands but it isn't necessary to buy them.  Hell, my most complimented shoes I have are a pair of Cole Haan Zero Grand sneaker oxford hybrids that my SO made me buy.  So a lot of the time, buying the high end shoes is only gonna matter to one person, that being the wearer. So buy whatever you want. Just make sure you do your best to get it to fit right.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:All things K-Fashion!	labels:I love watching kdramas for fashion!! Partly I get sad though because I know that stuff is sponsored/product placements and I could never afford them 😭   I do enjoy SK fast fashion too though, and had so much fun shopping in Hongdae, Dongdaemun amd Ewha back when travel was a thing. Ditto for Japan! The clothes there are just more fashion forward, well-made and affordable. Whereas a similar looking piece (same quality) would cost $80 or something at Aritzia.	episode_done:True
text:How much of your income do you spend on average in clothes every month?	labels:On a good month I have £120. This is to be split on everything that's not groceries & basic household consumables, healthcare, rent or bills. So it's spent on going out, clothes, skincare, stuff for the house that's not consumables, presents, etc. I would spend £100-£200 on a new item of clothing, less on second-hand. So as you might guess, I don't buy a lot of clothes! What I buy I wear until THE END.   Edit: I should mention that I work part-time so I would spend less than an average person. It's a trade off - more time, less golds.	episode_done:True
text:A word of caution about tailoring - it’s the shoulders that will most likely need tailoring, but it is very difficult and very expensive to alter shoulders on a coat, and may not be physically possible depending on how much you need them taken in.   I tried it once with a men’s peacoat and brought it to the best, most experienced tailor in town, and even he really struggled with it. In the end, he could not take the shoulders in far enough without ruining the structure of the coat. He did the best possible job he could, it was not at all his fault, but it cost a lot and I didn’t really like the result.	labels:This is very true, And another problem is the size of the armhole. The armholes tend to be very big on men's coats, and no tailoring can actually add in fabric to make the size more reasonable. A man's coat would have armholes halfway to the waist on me, which greatly reduces the arm range of motion.
text:>Hit 495x5 on deadlifts this weekend.  Kismet: you had proven yourself worthy of lifting solid walnut furniture!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I should have clarified. There a ton of small businesses in my city, but I have to visit their sites one by one. Which takes forever. Is there a Nordstrom or Zara for buying local?	labels:not really - that's why a lot of people just take the convenience of buying from chain stores versus supporting local businesses. It takes a bit more effort, and you maybe need to think a bit more about the pieces you are buying, but it isn't really hard.	episode_done:True
text:Favorite fashion bloggers that are your size?	labels:Check out the #midsizestyle tag on instagram! Also, instagram user @timorous.me has indexes of instagrammers by body type (petite, midsize, and plus-size)
text:Will throw out there that my friend's ring light made her look so much worse and it definitely depends on the rest of the light around you.  Also have gotten very into headbands for that extra pop	labels:	episode_done:True
text:my docs are infinitely more comfortable than the blundstones I've tried, but when I worked in a shoe store y'all blundstones folks paid my fucking rent so thanks for that	labels:	episode_done:True
text:>	They’re trying to be Hermes...  You tell that to their price increases!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:WAYWT - December 09, 2020	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How many clothes do you have? (Really?)	labels:I have no idea how many total pieces I have. I counted black dresses recently and I had 18.
text:I have news for you, it's against eBay rules to sell used underwear, so the pack you bought must've gotten through the filters, and... may not have been intended for actual wearing 😱   10/10 plan otherwise!!!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What is your ideal first date outfit?	labels:I dress on a date how I dress day-to-day, which is pretty casual, lots of natural fabrics, usually wearing running shoes or some other form of sneaker (Blundstone boot in winter).  So for a first date I might wear a pullover sweater or silk blouse, blue jeans, and my least grungy sneakers. I probably wouldn't wear makeup besides clear brow gel and a tinted lip balm (I like the Burt's Bees ones), but I would take the time to make sure my hair looks on point.  I guess if it's warm (like above 25C/75F) I'd wear jacquard shorts and a linen or silk t-shirt. Or a dress, but I don't usually wear dresses so I might feel awkward in one.  Comfort above all because I find that translates to feeling good about myself (no matter how the date goes).	episode_done:True
text:Teaching Men’s Fashion and Esntls - The Truth and honest review	labels:I saw his thumbnails and dipped.   Don’t know why people follow him or buy from him when Uniqlo is cheaper and the ASOS/Topman/J.Crew/Nordstrom lookbooks have better styling.  edit: went on the esntls website, looks like a better operated dropshipping operation
text:Canada Goose Workers Allege Unsafe Working Conditions in Winnipeg Factories. “Before I came to Canada I was in Qatar and then Dubai and it’s the same here in Canada Goose: No humanity.”	labels:It's more what did you expect from a company that's now owned by a Venture Cap. (Bain Capital)  Any venture cap company only objective is to gut the product and make as much money as possible before the brand dies.	episode_done:True
text:You'll want either a reefer or peacoat - your best bet is naval surplus or second hand. Ebay is your friend.  Consider a chunky sweater...an aran, Guernsey or submariner could all work. Check out Aran Sweater Market.  For trousers - you could go for some heavy denim or workwear trousers in duck canvas. Bronson Mfg. Has some good options.  Look for some nice sturdy leather boots, red wings are a good option.  And a good watch cap.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 19, 2020	labels:The thing where we say "Loro Piana" if somebody doesn't provide a budget is neither helpful nor amusing.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 07, 2021	labels:Are clarks the general recommended boot here? I’m looking to expand my wardrobe and am looking for a nice bomber jacket, denim jacket and a pair of boots.  What do you guys recommend?
text:My only problem with men's flannel is the patterns aren't designed to go with big breaks. I look like I have quad boob in men's flannel	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Not to mention have an hourglass figure.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:It’s a perfect opportunity to do MFA’s favorite thing: find away to talk themselves out of wearing anything cool and combine it with dudes on the internet’s favorite thing: complaining about being short even tho they’re the average height.	labels:"I can't get a girlfriend because I'm too short"  "Are you sure it's not because of your lack of general hygiene, or lack of a personality, or being out of shape, or not dressing well, or having a low paying job?"  "No because those are all things I can control. I'm too lazy to make an effort to improve myself so it's better that I blame the one thing I can't change."
text:What would you wear to elope during a pandemic?	labels:Honestly, I would 100% go with a rent the runway membership. You can choose 4 pieces at a time and swap them if you end up not liking them. I think they’re currently running a promotion where it works out to be less than $100 for 8 dresses in a month	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Pacific Northwest Style	labels:Guy in Photo 4, what’re those boots?  They look like wingtipped blundstones, but I can’t find a pair that look like that. Very cool
text:Any experiences with Wonder Wardrobe or other online courses?	labels:I looked at the free resources on her website, and the worksheet for figuring out how many clothes you actually need was brilliant, clear and logical rather than setting arbitrary limits.	episode_done:True
text:Brands can hire their agents and thus have some say in the source of their labor though...  I tend to disagree that "it's business" is a reasonable response to unjust labor practices.	labels:The brand buyers and sourcing officers negotiate price, delivery, quality etc etc with the factory boss/owner. Time and time again the factory owner doesn’t pay or short pays the factory workers and blames it on the foreign buyers...the story is old and will continue for years to come...
text:Discussion: what does your shopping process look like?	labels:I bookmark a lot of items and check back on them occasionally. If I still love them I buy them, but usually I'm not so enamored.	episode_done:True
text:PantslessDan confirmed not ShirtlessDan	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Review your winter 2020/2021 outerwear: how did your coats and sweaters hold up this season? Would you recommend your specific brand to someone looking for warm layers. Did you add anything new to your winter wardrobe that stands out?	labels:I wouldn’t be able to say if my outerwear is holding up as it is still firmly winter and we’re in a pandemic in which I’m not going outside a lot in said outerwear.
text:What are the Recurring Motifs, Symbols, or Images in your Style?	labels:Tigers! Not tiger stripes but more actual imagery/prints of whole tigers.
text:just in terms of variety the Asos website really has a ton of cheap options - I feel like I'm really picky about colour or design particulars and I can find stuff that meets my specifications often there (although their light blue jeans always look lighter than they actually are)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Clarks agrees £100m private equity deal	labels:Hopefully it’s not a vulture fund	episode_done:True
text:is it main line stuff or items created specifically for Nordstrom rack?	labels:It's mainline stuff. I've seen the same stuff on Everlane's website like two seasons ago. Unless some of them are created for rack? I'm not sure.	episode_done:True
text:No Cop / No (New) Jawnz January: Mid-month Check-In	labels:I failed and I failed hard.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 27, 2020	labels:So, I finally got an Ashby in olive for my Christmas and I absolutely adore it.  I live in a city and do a lot of walking. I usually go away a lot as well (not happening any time soon, though!) and am wondering what boots/shoes you would recommend to go with it?  I'm thinking brown brogues for more formal occasions but looking for a pair of durable boots that will allow me to stay on my feet all day but won't lose me fashion points because they look like something I should be wearing on the hills.  Thanks for any help!
text:I don't think I’ve ever seen an otr retailer offering 37” inseams honestly, some denim brands go up to 36” it might be worth looking into made to measure services	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I spent a winter in Toronto. I am proud to say I did ok. I thought I would hate life the entire time. But yeah, parka, balaclava, heattech everything.  I never looked cute but I was warm ish.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MIDI dresses!!! Try it	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I guess it doesn’t explicitly say, but I’ve only ever seen fashion-related items posted in these threads. I don’t think trying to sell home goods or other stuff makes much sense here?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 03, 2021	labels:Looking for a black ribbed sweater. Any suggestions?  Must ship to Canada	episode_done:True
text:Canada Goose Workers Allege Unsafe Working Conditions in Winnipeg Factories. “Before I came to Canada I was in Qatar and then Dubai and it’s the same here in Canada Goose: No humanity.”	labels:In a culture that has generally turned on wearing fur for fashion, I dunno how this company gets a pass. A lot of people I spoke when I was involved in an anti-Canada Goose pressure campaign didn’t know it was real fur skinned off coyotes.   Canada Goose is unethical trash and you smell like a wet dog when it rains. I’m not surprised a company that’s super lax about its supply chain doesn’t value its workers. Most folks involved in animal exploitation sectors are exploited immigrants.
text:Top of WAYWT - October 2020	labels:!mfaimagebot 14  Dunno why but this is by far my favorite fit in here. Everything is really simple and it's definitely ~ F A S H I O N ~ with the Alden boots, selvedge, etc. but it's such an approachable outfit. I think a fantastic example of why straight-cut denim is better than slim.  Jeri's fits are always fun and I love seeing him tbh. If you're ever out CO way I'll buy you a beer dude.   /u/nipplemonger are those your new cigar LHS?
text:People who used to play super safe with fashion, how did you overcome your fear of bold choices?	labels:Here's the best advice I've ever heard in my life: No one is looking at you, thinking about you, critiquing you as much as you think they are.  Everyone is busy looking at, thinking about, critiquing themselves.  So wear what makes you happy! Try new things!   Edited for concision.
text:Mine too, except last year I was pregnant and discovered maternity tights. Definitely plan on rocking them for thanksgiving this year too.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What’s on everyone’s Black Friday wishlists?	labels:I've been wanting the Vince Branine loafer (in almost any color) for ages now. Because they're similar to another shoe I own, I can only justify the purchase if it's a steal. I passed on $80 a month or two ago thinking they'd get cleared out this week at Saks Off Fifth or Gilt but no luck!	episode_done:True
text:Best 2020 pajamas?!	labels:I honestly prefer night gowns. Does that make me weird? I swear I’m not 80. I just can’t stand bottoms twisting as I toss and turn. Anyways, I have the hardest time finding nightgowns that aren’t made for the elderly or aren’t lace nighties. I just want a cute and soft night gown! Until then I’m also in the oversized T-shirt camp.
text:You can even sew secondarily/more buttons on for whatever weight you’re at! I have a wrap skirt and it has a security button that’s too loose when I haven’t eaten! Edit - word. Damn auto correct.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are some stores/brands that have surprised you?	labels:Old Navy has surprised me - their athletic collection is great. Some of the best leggings I own! Also like another comment stated, Abercrombie has come back in my rotation due to their rebrand
text:I don’t know why people wear makeup when they could just get facials and visit their derms once a week. It’s sooo much easier than spending all that money on makeup.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I've watched a video on this and I think you're right.  Also, I think the argument is that a knock-off is not going to steal market share from the original. Those who want to and can afford a high end designer brand aren't going to buy a knock-off and those who do probably can't afford the original.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How would you style or rebuild your wardrobe around your holy grail fashion piece?	labels:Pear shape with a big arse - I want Lauren Bacall style wool trousers. Fluid, full, and fitting just so on the waist. Styled classic for work with an equally full and fluid washed silk shirt, rolled up sleeves and tucked in with a patent waist belt. For brunch dates with a bateau neck tee that fits like a second skin, and for evenings with a low backed long sleeved version of the same. A chunky, cropped length fisherman’s jumper if theres a chill on casual strolls
text:Quilted Pants	labels:With these pants; at first your like “Nah.” Then you try them and your like “Yeah.”	episode_done:True
text:How to build an age-suitable varied chic wardrobe?	labels:I am a lot older (in my 30s) but in grad school and a lot of grad students also dress in athleisure. I also want to not draw too much attention so here are some of the things I do to dress down: 1. White trainers (Veja) with an otherwise dressy outfit, instead of black leather shoes 2. Pairing formal button-down with ripped or faded denim (more casual) 3. Wear loose outerwear (flowy) rather than a tailored coat or jacket 4. Add some pattern even if it’s basic like stripes, dots, plaid  5. Wear slightly cropped length pants, slightly cropped tops and sweaters with high waisted pants  6. Drop sleeves make everything look casual  7. French tuck / half tuck is more casual than a fully tucked in top  8. I’ve been wearing a lot less makeup since I’ve gone back to school - concealer, blush and mascara is a more youthful combo than eyeshadow, eyeliner, lipstick	episode_done:True
text:Clark's Wallabees	labels:The best and most versatile shoe/boot of all time. Even though the new ones have shoddy manufacturing compared to the originals, they are still comfy af and go with literally anything. This awesome album is proof. Joggers? Check. Sweat shorts and tube socks? Check. Nas in an M65 liner? Check. Nas in a topcoat? Check. Works for everyone in any situation, from the Brit Pop punter to Ironman himself.	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge Announcement: Rock & Roll!	labels:May just pop my WAYWT cherry on this one!	episode_done:True
text:Do you have a concept of "Par Value" in menswear?	labels:What can help with defining on par is a cost per use / year metric. Especially, if you set yourself a price you are willing to pay for an item per year and use that as the measure of on par quality or not.   As an example, my Barbour wax jacket cost 350 back in the day, it gets a new finish every three years which is around 30ish. So over a period of 20 years that jacket costs me roughly 550. hence, on a yearly basis I paid 27.50 which is fine by me. However, if it had lasted only five years I would have probably seen it differently (and if it had gone to pieces after one year I would have been livid).
text:Alexander Wang accused of a history of sexual harassment - fashion in a year of reckoning?	labels:Alexander Wang has already been shady and allegations about him groping / assaulting models have been somewhat talked about on Twitter. The only reason why they’re being discussed and examined now is because huge IG accounts posted about it and enough people made noise on social media. Plus didn’t he have R Kelly in one of his campaigns in like 2014 ?	episode_done:True
text:What have people actually worn to funerals you've been to?	labels:I used to work in a funeral home and can tell you that I've seen it all. There will always be the guy that shows up in jeans and a barely nice t shirt, for some reason. There will always be a woman who shows up wearing a skin tight tiny club dress that barely covers her bum, but I guess she thought it was okay because it was black and also a dress? I've seen people wear sheer black clothing like somehow that's supposed to be a shirt. I've also been to funerals with wacky dress codes: everyone wears Hawaiian shirts or the everyone wears a chosen colour associated with the deceased.   But good rules to stick by: Wear clothes that are darker in colour; black, navy, dark green/purple. White dress shirts are appropriate, but having a jacket to go over it is ideal. If it's the summer and it's hot; boys, skip the jacket, but wear a tie and tuck in the shirt and girls, wear a flowy dress, ideally to the knee, with a light shawl or dress pants and a light blouse.   The purpose of the funeral is to pay respect to the deceased, and you want to keep the focus there. Wearing something too bright, or tight, or short, or casual can distract from what's going on and the importance of the funeral. The goal is essentially to blend in, not stand out, because the funeral isn't about anyone other than the deceased, so the attention goes to them. It's one of the few times that I believe everyone should put aside their own ego and allow the day to be about the deceased.
text:Fast Fashion: What are your wardrobe all-stars?	labels:A maxi skirt with a slit from H&M, I wear it so much my friends find it weird when I wear pants. Looks good with literally everything, and it’s perfect for when I feel like not wearing pants but also don’t want to shave. Win win.  A velvet cami from SheIn before it was popular haha, I eventually got more colours and they’re still holding strong a couple of years later.  Knit sandals from amazon, fav purchase ever! SO COMFY  And a polyester dress I bought from a bazaar in latin america, it’s ugly but it has some beachy vibes to it that I cant resist.	episode_done:True
text:Coolest shorts  Most "romantic"  Best use of techwear	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge: Your Favorite Boots!	labels:Why tf you picking all the ones I've got good ideas for when none of my clothes fit properly 😔
text:This one hurt.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What “statement pieces” are you looking forward to wearing this fall?	labels:My wardrobe is almost entirely different pieces of black clothing, so I picked up a pair of faux leather flare pants at the beginning of summer and can’t wait to finally wear them! I’m typically an avid leather jacket-wearer in the fall and winter months so I’m excited to incorporate the material in a different way this year.  Also just mixing and match different textures is something I love doing this time of the year considering I live in a relatively cold place (Colorado), so layering a bunch of different cozy fabrics is something else I’m excited for!	episode_done:True
text:Thanks, HalftheGold! Genuinely appreciate the kind words.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Best of Techwearclothing 2020	labels:Best Naruto Villains 2020	episode_done:True
text:Do you feel the black Friday sales better or worse than usually this year? Is it worth to buy clothing you won't wear until next year?	labels:Maybe this is just the stores I'm looking at, but it seems like the new stuff that I'm actually interested in isn't on sale this Black Friday, but everything else that's not as good is 40% off. It's annoying, because splashing a big number like that ("30-50% off the whole site! \*exclusions apply") draws me to their site, but the items I actually want aren't a part of the sale.  The only exception being Levi's because I've been waiting for this 40% off sale to get a pair of Wedgie jeans.   Not going to lie, I did buy quite a few bits from the sales this year but with the intention of returning 90% of it because I don't feel comfortable going into stores to try stuff on. Best to buy everything I want to try on at sale prices then return what I don't want to keep!
text:Changing Your Habits: Deciding to Not Shop Brands for Ethical or Other Reasons & Following Through	labels:Growing up in a small town and then moving to a bigger one, fast fashion was a whole magical thing to me. After a few years I learned more about how terrible it is and shopped there less, but that's hard to do when you're poor. I discovered thrift shopping and have been addicted to it ever since, although I realize I'm privileged in that I'm easily able to find my size at any thrift shop. Now I'm a little less poor, but still unable to afford local fashion so I keep thrifting. I support local designers when I can by going to their sample/warehouse sales and recommending them to others.   I find the hardest part to be shopping for basics. When I need a plain black tank, I go to Target because I know exactly what I'm getting.	episode_done:True
text:Usually make a charcuterie board and they fall over themselves	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I’m willing to pay for it because I have a weird body shape and their jeans fit me better than any other brand (other than madewell but lol they’re the same company)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:for sure agree, Dries' is finally giving more attention to his menswear and I'm here for it.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Bed J.W. Ford AW/2021	labels:As the kids would say, its lit.	episode_done:True
text:Inspo: From the BIPOC Owned Small Business Thread	labels:Thanks for the album, currently way too poor to shop, but virtual window shopping is so nice!
text:Definitely supposed to be oversized.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Help needed for buying jeans online! All advice is welcome!	labels:Pay attention to the product details section to see if the jeans have any stretch. If not, go one size up, because most Mom jeans are 100% cotton. Zara and Topshop have great fitting Mom jeans. Also, pay attention to the size chart.	episode_done:True
text:What does your shoe wardrobe look like? What are your shoe essentials?	labels:I have 5 pairs of leather boots (tall, ankle, combat, brown, black), 1x black suede ankle boots, 1x white sneakers, 4x patterned plimsols, 3x loafers, swiftwater crocs in black, 2x hiking sandals, 1x hiking boot, 3x oxfords and 2 pairs of dressy flat sandals.   I'm at sahm who is also doing university from home so my shoes don't get a lot wear.	episode_done:True
text:Oxford button downs aren’t really dress shirts.   I’ve had several brands and none that I would really say are see-through but if this is an issue for you it’s probably easier to wear an  undershirt.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 28	labels:Women's sizes are such a mess. I'm normally an L-XL in women's tops, and now there is this one blouse where the model is around three sizes smaller than me (according to measurements) and they say she's wearing an XXXS (?!). So I guess I should order an S.  Ah, UPS is going to get some back and forth shipping business out of that one.	episode_done:True
text:Top of WAYWT - November 2020	labels:That gradient black and white sweater from 2015 needs to die already	episode_done:True
text:The Queen’s Gambit Inspo Album	labels:This is what i’ve been waiting for	episode_done:True
text:Show me your fall boots!	labels:You mean my steel toe doc martins? I wear them year round	episode_done:True
text:Messy eaters? Tell your stories and hacks / fixes.	labels:Tide pens bring them everywhere abs any time you do stain and are done eating go to the bathroom and wet the stain then dab with paper towels
text:Online Alteration Service ?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 09, 2021	labels:got a sewing machine and hemmed my first pair of jeans, with the original hem intact (youtube calls it a magic hem). the feeling of self accomplishment is amazing, and it’s like i’ve acquired a new superpower
text:What was the last addition to your wardrobe in 2020 and what was / is going to be the first addition to your wardrobe in 2021?	labels:I bought two Zara dresses in the fall and the only things I'll be buying this year are a few new bras. Stress makes me lose weight so the bras I bought last January no longer fit.  My wardrobe is pretty much perfect at this point so I won't be changing it up for quite a while now.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 12, 2020	labels:Hey guys any experience on sizing for Awake NY	episode_done:True
text:Agreed. Really tired of yellow gold.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do you feel the Pandemic is affecting your style? (Or, “I am a butterfly in a chrysalis”)	labels:I, like many Americans, don’t have a choice and am reporting to work in person so I’m wearing my favorite outfits and pieces and trying to make the best of it.	episode_done:True
text:Guidi Leather Tannery Family History, Interview	labels:when will r se a vil cut a pair open? i’d love to hear his dumbass take on guidi  i actually didn’t realize it was a family name and family owned this whole time  also 792v will always be on my list but i will never find the energy to purchase them even if i have the money
text:'Everybody will get their mittens': maker of Bernie Sanders' mittens forges business partnership	labels:Where would somebody get mittens similar? I like the style of them but I’m not a fan of the colours. Any suggestions for good mittens/gloves in general?	episode_done:True
text:It’s a perfect opportunity to do MFA’s favorite thing: find away to talk themselves out of wearing anything cool and combine it with dudes on the internet’s favorite thing: complaining about being short even tho they’re the average height.	labels:>find away to talk themselves out of wearing anything cool   ...... hey, to be fair, the fact that everything I like is crazy expensive is a valid excuse, so just because you called me out for my bullshit DOESN'T MEAN I HAVE TO STOP.  >complaining about being short even tho they’re the average height.  Ooh! I think I'm safe on this one! I'm 5'6" and I barely complain about it! Well, not barely, but not much, I promise!	episode_done:True
text:Check out Proof Nomad pants. They are very comfortable and stretchy while still maintaining the professionalism of slacks or chinos.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Spend $250 on a good replica bag or Tory Burch?	labels:Coach has really upped their game the past few years and you can get a really good quality genuine leather bag that could last a long time. They also have relatively good sales around holidays!  I personally wouldn’t dip into the Michael Kors / Kate Spade of it all unless you get it from the outlets. I’ve found their bags can sometimes be made with cheaper materials and don’t last as long.  I do really like the Rebecca Minkoff bags I’ve had.
text:How does everyone here dress when bloated?	labels:Baggy pants, necessarily high waisted. Then I half tuck whatever top I'm wearing and it's not that bad.  Blazers (especially oversized) are also really nice for this.	episode_done:True
text:It's the styling for sure, very 2010. The pieces individually though, are actually kinda good, in my opinion. I would kill that color blocked vest. And that chunky belt would be in rotation for a while.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Looking for a Shear Thing (Shearling Jackets)	labels:Price with these things is a major factor.  High end: Chapal  Real Mccoy’s   Mid: Aero Leather Schott  Cockpit USA  As far as cheaper options I can’t really suggest any just because shearling is pretty expensive to begin with. I’d personally just try to find a used one on grailed or real real. Lots of people buy these things and decide they aren’t gonna wear it.   GL	episode_done:True
text:I'm Not a Watch Guy I Swear - Street x Sprezza	labels:I could not agree more about 36-38mm watches. I've always worn watches, inexpensive ones but I've always put one on first thing in the morning and worn it until I'm getting in bed at night--even if I'm doing nothing beyond sitting around the house all day. My small collection was all 40mm or 42mm.  A couple of years back I decided I wanted to take a slight step up from my $125 Orient automatics. I purchased a 42mm Hamilton Khaki Field and it just didn't feel right. I loved the aesthetic of it but I couldn't pinpoint what was wrong so I reluctantly returned it a few days later.    Fast forward to this summer and I couldn't get the Khaki Field out of my head. I read more about it, mainly forum posts, and read a good conversation--I can't recall on which forum--about the 42 vs the 38. I read enough to be coaxed into trying the 38. I remember opening the box and thinking, "this is SO tiny. It looks like a toy." One poster said to expect that reaction and wear the watch for a week and you'd come around on its size. Man, was he right. With 7.5" wrists I absolutely love 38mm watches. I ditched my older Timex Chrono Weekender (40) for a classic Weekender (38). My Orient Bambinos (40) now feel too large even though I thought they were too small when I bought them several years back. Every time I wear them I look at my wrist and wish the watch was smaller. Every time I see a character in a movie or show wearing a watch I think to myself about how bad and how huge the watch looks.  As for price, I also agree that most expensive watches are too busy or simply don't appeal to me. Even if I was loaded I wouldn't buy luxury watches.  A quick thought on wearing a watch in the smartphone era, at least in my profession, I sneak a glance at my watch during meetings or at times when it's not appropriate to pull out my phone.	episode_done:True
text:I think thats something a lot of lurkers dont understand. We are just having fun. Thanks for participating! Hope to see more :)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 23	labels:Is taking up excessive space on a WAYWT post the closest thing to gamesmanship when it comes to internet clothes points? 🧐
text:How does everyone here dress when bloated?	labels:A loose dress if it's warm enough. If you don't want to go with all baggy clothing, I'd recommend a comfortable pair of leggings and a loose sweatshirt that a bit longer. Then if you want to could dress it up with some accessories and cute shoes. If your normal clothes still fit you comfortably could put on a bold accessory to possibly distract from the area you feel insecure about.	episode_done:True
text:Negative Self-Talk re: Fashion Choices	labels:I don't think there's anything wrong with preferring dresses and leggings and it doesn't inherently signify that you are somehow unworthy for pants or "letting yourself go".   The thing is, historically speaking, dresses were actually far more practical for a woman's body due the cyclical changes we all experience, from menstrual bloating/cramping, to minor weight fluctuations, to pregnancy and breastfeeding (historically there wasn't much choice about the last two but obviously now there is), cuz you could cinch up or let out your dress depending on how you were doing.   It's only now that stretchy fabric is truly mainstream that pants have truly become as practical and cost effective in that they can tolerate a lot more cyclical size changes, which are *normal*.  Edit: not to mention all the times people would gain and lose weight due to the availability of food.   I'd say I have a pretty confident mindset and 90% of my non work wardrobe is dresses and skirts/shirt combos. I wear undersummers in the spring and summer, leggings and sweater tights in the winter and I've gotten SO MUCH MORE USE out of my dresses... They lasted me up until my 8th month of pregnancy, I barely had to buy maternity clothes.  I have been able to wear the same knit dress/leggings combo at 180lbs prepregnancy and later at 210 lbs post partum and still look cute.  What pair of pants could pull that off? Almost none, I tell you.  Saved me a lot of $$$.   No matter what I weigh, I always have a bit of a belly, so most pants dig into that anyways, which isn't comfortable. Only truly high waisted stuff feels ok, but I don't want to wear that in the summer.   It sounds like disordered thinking is creeping up on you, and you may have to consciously remind yourself that there's nothing wrong with enjoying comfy clothes that don't restrict your abdomen.
text:I’ve been wondering whether I should buy this or not! So many questions for you - with a 29 inch waist would I be okay with the 80 cm or should I go with the 90? Also which color did you choose? Literally on the cusp of buying this belt lol :)	labels:I wear the 80cm and I have a 26/27 inch waist. I still have a good 4 or 5 inches of leather, enough to fully reach my hip with the trim. If that makes sense. I also only wear it on my true waist.
text:How do men's outerwear differ from women's? I found a really good deal on a 100% wool coat, but in men's...	labels:Unfortunately men's styles aren't an easy fit on curvy women. You'd have to size up a couple of times to make room for boobs and hips and at that point, the shoulders would be disproportionately large and the fit would be very boxy. That's not something easy to tailor or worth tailoring.  H&M currently has women's coats in 100% wool, around $150, if they're not sold out yet. They had several styles a couple of weeks ago. There are options for women high in wool content, no need to venture into the men's section if it's not a sure fit. Off the top of my head, Artizia, Zara, and Massimo Dutti all also carry wool coats in the $100-$300 price range.
text:How do you think access and privilege affect your taste and sense of style?	labels:My opinion is that money cannot buy style and taste. Growing up, my family wasn't well off but my mom always dressed nicely even though she didn't buy expensive clothing. She also made sure my siblings and I had decently nice clothes, albeit "unbranded" things for the most part.   As I got older and started working when I was 19, burying clothes on a limited budget while paying my own way through university was such a thrill. Been very lucky to be financially comfortable and then some in the past 8 years but I still don't like to splurge on clothing - anything past $50 is something that will make me pause and think for a few days. The amount of money I have, or the lack of willingness to spend it, has never stopped me from having a rather good sense of style and friends and colleagues always express disbelief that my clothes are not high end nor expensive.   Conversely, I know of many people who are rich or splurge only on high end or designer clothing and accessories as I come from a very affluent Asian country. But this does not guarantee good taste or a fashion sense when they put outfits together. Having a good eye and a keen sense of personal style is seperate from having money in that sense.  I do not shop at thrift stores as there's nothing good in my area and I also have very limited time and patience for it, however, Poshmark has been absolutely fantastic! With the advent of the Internet, access is not much of a limitation for me.	episode_done:True
text:I saw that one—the Justice one, right? I'm a fan of her channel.	labels:I still wonder where she got that dress!	episode_done:True
text:Share what are your quick tips to always look polished !	labels:i don’t own a pet that sheds so i don’t have to deal with the fur stuff but to avoid lint getting stuck on my shirts i chose fabric that lint won’t stick to	episode_done:True
text:I dyed my leather boots and here is how it went.	labels:I tried once several years ago and it didn’t end up looking anything like what you achieved. Kudos and this makes me want ache for thrifting.	episode_done:True
text:how often do you wash your clothes?	labels:it depends on the item of clothing? like I do laundry weekly, but I wash things separately. sheets and towels etc are washed with an unscented soap in one load, certain clothes are hand washed and line dried, some clothes are run in a cold cycle, some clothes are worn multiple times before washing. so it varies widely but laundry every 1-2 weeks makes sense for me when I’m only doing my own laundry
text:what do yall wear to the gym (or at home if you work out there)	labels:I'd like to go deeper and talk about fabrics and the clothing in the gym. There are fabrics that leave you soaking in sweat after your routine while some that just makes you feel uncomfortable while running in trails. For my experience I can suggest to use cotton, nylon or polyester.    In terms of avoiding whiff in workout apparels, cotton wins over polyester. This is because studies discovered that it provides less post-workout stench compared to polyester since synthetic fabrics allow the multiplication of stink-causing bacteria.    Polyester is one of the most famous types of workout fabrics that’s primarily plastic cloth. It is efficient as a fitness apparel because it’s durable, lightweight, breathable, wrinkle-resistant and non-absorbent.    Nylon is found in various kinds of sportswear for being breathable and sweat-wicking. In fact, a lot of its users say that it can stand up to even the sweatiest of workouts.    Recently I ordered a cotton T-shirt from True Classic. I can say that it's very comfortable, the fabric is good quality and non-absorbent.	episode_done:True
text:The 90 are back, Baby!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:[Inspo & Commentary] Rings	labels:Anyone have Etsy shop recommendations for fashion rings?	episode_done:True
text:to be fair, made in (own country) isn't a very big draw card. why would you care that much? if you want it to be of higher quality, sure go with countries that have higher manufacturing standards. that's a generalization though. the fact is that many Asian manufacturers are quite good these days.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:There was a Marshall's next to the laundromat i used to go to so I would go every week.  I used to always find great stuff because I was always there lol	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Sad part is the nature of the “timeless” trend is gonna cause people to stick to it and swear by it forever.    Cause nothing says timeless like sizing down two sizes on raw denim, checkered button up shirts with buttons straining, and a blazer that doesn’t allow you to cross your arms	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are your predictions for 2021 suit style?	labels:"Chore" jackets, five buttons.	episode_done:True
text:This brought tears of pride to my eyes. Go forth with your SC vibes.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:yes!! cyber goth is so cool and it makes me sad that work/ school environments think it’s “unprofessional”.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:[NEWS]Yohji Yamamoto launches 2nd capsule collection with horror master Junji Ito	labels:YY is great, especially the mainline, but frankly I’m kinda over the spoopy and edgy prints he has been doing for the last several seasons. It’s kinds stale for me, especially someone that’s usually more focused of shape and drape. I also can’t stand that every week there is some new diffusion line that looks the same as the other 12 diffusion lines at yet another similar price point. He already went through bankruptcy once, I can’t imagine it’s too hot right now either.  Rant done, cool spooky images, I like Ito Junji very scary OwO	episode_done:True
text:What are your favorite straight leg jeans?	labels:I just got my first pair of the Levis Wedgie Icon jean and I am.... deeply in love. I haven't felt this way about a pair of pants in years. They are perfect -- straight (but still a little tapered), hits at my ankle for length, high rise, rigid denim. I have them in the Charleston Stroll wash which is a pretty standard blue jean color, but I have already looked at getting them in a black or gray wash for winter. A+ would recommend.
text:What are your tips for dressing a big chest!	labels:I like small knit sweaters and definitely avoid chunky knits. I like dress shirts too but I always have to pin them up to stop the gap between buttons. And more eye-catching bottoms so that gets more attention	episode_done:True
text:You're absolutely right, as long as one isn't inappropriate, personal flair is a-ok. I actually often think to myself that when i'm elderly, I may actually like to wear say a cardigan with heart patterns or stars, but it will be in a relaxed fit and in a boyish 1920s silhouette.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:It's funny, adults in Toronto are probably more bundled up than adults on the prairies because you walk and take transit more. We all warm up our cars so they're okay when we get in and drive everywhere. Unless you're into winter sports or are a kid. I roll with just a soft shell in Saskatoon!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Unusual inspirations	labels:Animals and plants have the best colors
text:Oh man, /r/RealMichigan had to create itself at the start of COVID because the Trump stans couldn't handle the overwhelming majority of /r/Michigan supporting Governor Whitmer locking down the state. They went private for a few weeks after the election because they needed to hide away from reality in their echo chamber of bullshit.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Favorite Etsy Shops/thrift accounts?	labels:Hi! I have a thrift account on Instagram and there are a lot of really cute things on there that I love, but I don’t get much interaction at all. It’s a pretty small account. If you want to check me out, please do! I always appreciate it :) @cardinal.thrifts	episode_done:True
text:How do I figure out my "style"?	labels:Others have given some really good advice, but I think you should also take some time to consider what you will NOT wear. Save yourself some time and money trying to make something work when you don’t even like it.	episode_done:True
text:The North Face's Denali Jacket Hit Icon Status in '95—And Stayed There Ever Since	labels:Basic 101	episode_done:True
text:Most of these would look better with just the t shirt or sweater underneath	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Lol blogs as old school  I’m truly not laughing at you, just myself. Am I the oldest person on this sub??	labels:Magazines have entered the chat	episode_done:True
text:Fall/winter shoe trends: what's your dream wishlist?	labels:more over the knee boots. the black ones are good to throw away already. i'd like to get a pair of coloured ones (loved the dark red from last year). perhaps dark green or dark blue.  some chunky heels in colours i don't have. navy blue is the worst offender, but i need a pair of dak green as well.  another season of window shopping flats and not liking anything. i don't know what to say anymore about flats. i should have some yet i don't like anything.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 15, 2021	labels:Brands or stores that sell button-ups and pants for bigger waists?  I'm in the eu (Netherlands) and looking for button-ups and jeans. However, I have relatively big hips so many clothes don't fit (eg, usually the bottom 2/3 buttons on shirts don't close). Any recommendations?	episode_done:True
text:what are your fashion flaws?	labels:Maybe it’s not a flaw, but, whenever I find an outfit I like, I will wear it on repeat and then it becomes boring to me.
text:I looked everywhere for a Teaching Men’s Fashion Pro Member review but couldn't find it. At $2 I decided it was worth it for a decent review. I agree that his thumbnails are very cringey.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The MFA Fall 2020 Fit Battle	labels:These fits go so hard. I wish I had the confidence to wear some of those trousers.
text:FAQ: Why/ when/ how do you cuff jeans?	labels:Cuff them to show off that sexy boot you’re wearing	episode_done:True
text:Any advice for overcoming self consciousness/self doubt when you're trying to step out of your comfort zone and expand your style?	labels:The beauty with fashion is that there are so many middle grounds! To venture out of your comfort zone, some ideas are:  - Wear kitten heels or pretty pumps instead of boots. Practically speaking, they'll also be more comfy than stilettos  - Try to incorporate one item of pattern or bold colour which you like into your wardrobe. Plan ahead and style it in different ways with your existing wardrobe, according to different  circumstances (e.g. casual lunch, work day, nice dinner out), and wear it when you get the chance  - Stop thinking too much about what others think and try to identify what looks and things you like instead.   - I prefer to dress for the occasion (e.g. it'd be silly to wear a little black dress with heels if I'm going for a countryside visit), but you can still look nice doing so for whatever event! In the countryside example, I would dig out some nice cable knit jumper paired with jeans, my Barbour and a lovely woollen scarf, plus chunky boots. Equally I could style that with a cute skirt instead of jeans if there's less climbing over stiles and more visits to village pubs and quaint coffee shops. (Not that there's any chance to do the above anytime soon. #bloodyCovid)	episode_done:True
text:Neutrals made me look like a washed out chicken breast.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Wardrobe not updated	labels:I feel like at 32 years old, I've passed looking at trends and have just figured out over the years what looks good on my body. I dont think anything I own is trendy by today's standards cause anymore I tend to look at fit, rather than style, if that makes sense. I used to walk by shops and be unable to decide which items I wanted to take home cause i thought everything was cute, and then end up with a closet full of stuff I hardly wore or felt embarrassed by later lol. Ive become much more selective and comfortable with the pieces I do choose to invest in, and dont think much about whether or not it's in style.  I still get compliments from younger and older people so I don't *think* I look outdated or backwards, but I dont care if I do, either, haha	episode_done:True
text:Bags that are actually beautiful - what are you loving?	labels:I can't justify it right now, but the crossbody sac from Agnes Baddoo in whiskey or navy is on my wishlist.	episode_done:True
text:Anyone here has the habit of needing to buy a new clothing/set of clothings when attending an occasion/going somewhere?	labels:I envy you all - what fun!	episode_done:True
text:Discussion: Clay Jewelry?	labels:I think the majority you would find would be polymer clay, which is quite different from the porcelain or stoneware pottery most people would be picturing. I’ve worked with more traditional clay, but to my knowledge polymer clay is much more lightweight, and less brittle.  That being said I think porcelain jewelry would be really cool. I’ve seen some at craft fairs, I was quite tempted.	episode_done:True
text:Nike Among Many Brands Lobbying Against Xinjiang Forced Labor Bill	labels:Someone correct me if I’m wrong but afaik the companies are against a specific part of the bill that says they can face punishment regardless of whether an audit turns up evidence of forced labor, with their stance subsequently being twisted into being against the whole bill.  EDIT: added missing words
text:I feel the same way, I'm bewildered at so many people finding ALL pants uncomfortable.   The only thing I can think of is that they're either wearing the wrong style (I vastly prefer super high rise. midrise and lowrise cut me across the stomach in an uncomfortable way, unless they're a size too big), the wrong size (too small jeans WILL be terrible, especially 100% cotton), or they have sensory or digestive issues/stomach sensitivity.	labels:I have the luxury of having a live-in taylor (my mum) and consequently I wear high-rise stretchy jeans perfect for my pear/hourglass shape. In spite of that, I still find them way more uncomfortable than skirts. I dislike how they enclose my thighs and how they cut off my range of movements. I understand that sitting cross legged on the floor is not meant for jeans, but I still dislike that the fabric does not allow me to do that! At least, not as easily as leggins...	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 19, 2021	labels:So, my current style is:  &#x200B;  \- Black Leather Biker Jacket  \- Dark Green or Orange jumper for winter/White shirts and white dress shirt for summer (I look kinda hot in dress shirts so no turning back now)  \- Black, dark blue, navy and grey skinny jeans (none ripped yet but getting some in black for summer)  \- Dark burgundy (braided with minimalist gold buckle), black and tan (normal with minimalist silver buckle) belts   \- Black Chelsea Boots (gonna replace them with dark burgundy/oxblood, not wearing in summer)  \- Reddish-Brown duffle bag  &#x200B;  I want to get Stan Smiths as a summer alternative, but not sure which accent colour to go for? I want to be able to wear them at parties, in uni, and in business-casual, with more weight to business casual.
text:What types of dresses would it be practical to have on hand for common different wedding types?	labels:Personally I try to avoid maxi dresses. I just feel that because the wedding party is often wearing floor length dresses I don't want to look like I'm trying to be part of the wedding party when I'm not. For this reason I also don't wear whatever the wedding colors are. So I would try to get a few different colors of dresses so that way you can try to avoid looking like you're trying to be part of the wedding party.  Also don't get too short or revealing, you don't want to look like you're trying to take away from the bride's attention. Also don't wear white for this reason.	episode_done:True
text:Bahahahaha thanks for the laugh!!!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Dressing 'out of time' (vintage/history bounding)	labels:A little late on this, but maybe I can help!  While I do want to learn to sew, there are vintage  reproduction brands I have looked at and you can try!  For dresses, blouses, and pants: Collectif   For blouses, cardigans, and jeans: Freddie’s of Pinewood   For shoes: American Duchess and Remix Vintage   Jewelry: Lassoed Moon, various Etsy shops   I’ll add more as I think of it, but I hope that helps give you a starting point.	episode_done:True
text:I've seen this in a sewing magazine (a while back, I forget which one, sorry!) You draw a croquis of yourself by tracing a picture (either digitally or with good old fashioned tracing paper) and then you can draw clothes on top of your figure! Like turning yourself into a paper doll 😝	labels:Yeah that's exactly what I mean!! I'd like to try it sometime!	episode_done:True
text:I have a pair of smokey quartz drop earrings that I love & wear alot	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: 6 Degrees of Separation	labels:Those denims with a hint of rainbow are surreal!   Where can I get myself a pair??
text:what do yall wear to the gym (or at home if you work out there)	labels:Random tee or Uniqlo U tee, Lulu pacebreakers or "the" shorts, Nike dri-fit socks, Chucks for deadlifts (or barefoot), nano 9s for bench/squat days.	episode_done:True
text:We really took our time with it though haha	labels:	episode_done:True
text:That...is layering? Maybe this is just a communication error? What do you think “layering” means	labels:	episode_done:True
text:both candidates are basically the same, i'm not voting  sashiko man bad	labels:Yeah, I know that the guy who won before is corrupt, and the guy who's running now *seems* nice enough... But he's definitely just as corrupt.	episode_done:True
text:Meanwhile you're a size 0 with supermodel features who has never had a pimple in her life.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Fast Fashion: What are your wardrobe all-stars?	labels:When I studied abroad in France, in 2007, I bought a cute belted gray coat with a funnel neck from Etam. I wore it for a while and then handed it over to my sister. I think it cost €34.  She still wears it every winter.	episode_done:True
text:Dae get overwhelmed by fashion?	labels:Echoing some other comments: only follow instagram accounts that inspire you and make you feel good. Let go of the social media comparison game. Follow accounts from people of all different shapes, sizes, and ethnicities while you're at it.  I am not a fashion icon, but my one piece of advice to avoid being overwhelmed is to focus on one single clothing item or accessory you'd like to improve, and pair it with easy basics. For example, I wanted to improve my sneaker game a few years ago. I bought (over time) a few pairs of sneakers I LOVED and paired them with my basic black tee shirts/jeans. It was so much easier to focus on wearing cool and fun sneakers without feeling like I needed to overhaul my entire closet. Another example: I figured out how to do my hair one particular style that I really like. No matter what outfit I'm in, my hair makes me feel cute when I style it that way.   You don't have to do all the fashion at one time. Everyday fashion is not a contest, I promise. You have your whole life to learn what you like and lean into your personal style.	episode_done:True
text:Derek Guy: The Crown’s ‘Balmoral Test’ Barbours Are Not Just Jackets	labels:Barbour jackets are top tier. There’s really no comparison	episode_done:True
text:If you're not concerned with it being Patagonia or future resell value, there are tons of great vintage pullover snap fleeces on ebay from Columbia Sportswear, Penfield, Woolrich, etc. There are some from single location or 90s catalog sportswear stores like Campmor which think are even cooler because it feels like such a relic to have a fleece from a catalog company.	labels:The thing is I’m low key against fleece for environmental reasons but I know Patagonia is the most sustainable one (as far as I know) in regards to making it. I don’t think I’d buy one from another company unless it was at the same level of environmentally friendly as a Patagonia one. Thank you for the recommendations though!
text:There's Arcteryx Veilance and 1017-ALYX-9SM. You might like those.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Favorite designer if price we’re not a factor?	labels:Loro Piana and Max Mara.  Bring on the great textures and the classic styles.
text:If you had $5,000 to What-Not-To-Wear style re-do your whole wardrobe, how would you do it? What would be your process? What would you prioritize?	labels:You know what? I’m middle aged and secure in my job. I’d go full cyber goth. Not even joking. I’ve spent my whole life trying to dress appropriately for my work and lifestyle and it’s boring me. I have all kinds of office appropriate slacks and cardigans and button up shirts in cutesy patterns, casual jeans and sensible shoes. I want to wear plastic corsets and fluorescent clip in braids and platform combat boots.
text:Inauguration Fashion Discussion	labels:Our National *youth* Poet Laureate looking like a rising sun of youth and hope. I love her accessories so SO much. Amanda Gorman !  Edit: She’s the National Youth Poet Laureate 💛❤️
text:Inspo Album: Small Asian-Owned Brands, Featuring Pockets & Architectural Details	labels:Thank you for this! I really appreciate you taking the time to outline a topic on this.	episode_done:True
text:Good on him!!  I live next to a golf course and shit is fucking silent. And we had people out playing golf across the street in the worst of the wildfire smoke.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I’m loving a lot of the mismatched plaid/tartan skirts I’ve seen this fall but can’t find one that’s all natural materials and I can afford so I was thinking of sewing my own!   I’m still a beginner too so maybe the mismatched fabric will help hide any mistakes! XD   Gl on your sewing journey you’ll get there! 🎉	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I tried wearing only 10 clothes for 10 days! Here are all my outfits	labels:THIS IS AMAZING!!!	episode_done:True
text:What are your coziest winter finds/essentials?	labels:Blanket scarves!  You mean I can just wear a blanket to work if I want to?  Over a black jersey dress that feels like a nightgown?  And still look professional?     Yes, please!	episode_done:True
text:Alexander Wang accused of a history of sexual harassment - fashion in a year of reckoning?	labels:Have any fashion figures - models, designers, editors - spoken about this yet? The ones I follow haven't said a peep so I'm waiting to hear what the industry response will be.	episode_done:True
text:One of my friends posted her wedding photos from 2011 and the yellow and gray were her exact wedding colors.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Anyone here has the habit of needing to buy a new clothing/set of clothings when attending an occasion/going somewhere?	labels:I’m not and it’s mostly because I never get rid of anything.	episode_done:True
text:Your favorite ___ for $___: Shawl Cardigans	labels:# What should we do next?
text:You shall go to the (met gala) ball!	labels:Ohhh great question. My gut instinct was to think I’d go with the most exquisite custom suit you could imagine! I can’t decide between a bold colour or a tuxedo style though - maybe both!   Add sky high killer heels (hopefully pain is removed from the equation haha) and a bold red lip.	episode_done:True
text:MFA Brand MegaReview: Zara | January 30, 2021	labels:I always buy their blazers on sale.   While most are boring or awful they do have some nice models every season that fit me great and that I can wear for going out (pre covid) without caring about getting stains on them or for the office paired with chinos or jeans	episode_done:True
text:Overhauling my wardrobe with lasting pieces	labels:Have you ever owned Thursday boots? If not I suggest you look into other options. They break down rather quickly and become uncomfortable. You will need to get a resole done every other year if you want to be comfortable.
text:MFA Wearing Big Coats	labels:My big coat is like a blanket I get to throw on over the rest of my clothes before braving the cold. It's in this album twice.  I suggest finding something that goes lower than your knees. Butt coverage is nice but you know what nicer? Full. Thigh. Coverage. And the way the fabric drapes and flows as you walk.	episode_done:True
text:Lol blogs as old school  I’m truly not laughing at you, just myself. Am I the oldest person on this sub??	labels:Not until you start telling me about geocities web-rings.	episode_done:True
text:100% it does.  It's an easy move that looks great.  I often wear mine dressed down with a tee and denim.	labels:Awesome, thanks for the confidence!	episode_done:True
text:Support Small Businesses This Holiday Season	labels:check out handmade stuff, you'd be surprised how much high quality handmade clothing there is out there. Etsy is probably the easiest but there's probably other sites too. I know I found an awesome green wool knit hoodie there that I've not seen anywhere else (cus they made the pattern themselves).	episode_done:True
text:you took the effort to bullet point the bits that irked you, yet you left out context that made it obvious the person was joking.  you turned, *'I grew up in a quaint New England town listed in the Official Preppy Handbook as a preppy place to live'* into *'is from New England'*, come on.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Who else has sensory issues that has figured out ways to not dress boring?	labels:I can't for the life of me handle tight clothing. I'm not diagnosed with adhd but two gps have independently brought up the possibility and I'll look into it with a specialist soon.  I can't handle tights, tight long sleeves, pantyhose, or (and they're the worst ever) skinny trousers, especially jeans. Luckily, with my awkward proportions, almost all clothes that fit me are either too wide, too short (I just don't go for those), or made for boys. So I just go with slightly oversized most of the time. I vary between androgynous styles with inspiration from malefashionadvice or old fashioned looking, almost frumpy dresses, or a combination of a wide, drapy blouse and a flowing wide skirt. The drawback is that I can't really be feminine in winter because tights and leggings are off the table for me and I'd be too cold with bare shins.   That gives me a decent amount of variation! So it might be worth checking men's fashion if you're similar to me, or going for retro/vintage style blouses, skirts, and dresses.	episode_done:True
text:Celebrating the Basic Grey Sweatpants	labels:Where can one found a pair on photo 4?	episode_done:True
text:So my name is Michael K. I've been gifted some Michael Kors items in the past, and of course the monogram is MK. The worst that ever happens is we kind of have a laugh about it or there will be a jovial comment like "congrats on being a designer!". It's all in good fun and to my knowledge nobody thinks negatively of me.   I will admit I don't think about buying MK items myself, but that might be more because I personally dont like the brand. If you like the stuff go for it IMO.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I like their Airism undershirts and no-show socks. Tried their chinos and wasn’t crazy about them.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 05, 2021	labels:Can anyone help me with finding an image that I've seen a few times on here? It's the TS(S) checked tweed coat in brown/green, with specifically 2 very unique silver clasps fasteners rather than buttons or toggles. I think the image is from one of the guys on here, and I've seen it in several inspo albums but can't for the life of me find it now.  Cheers	episode_done:True
text:Women who have revamped your entire wardrobe — how did that go? What is your advice for the rest of us?	labels:I found myself at age 27 having lost every good pieces I ever owned, had gained 32 lbs, and was wearing the same two pairs of leggings from Ross basically every day. I’m 32 going on 33 now and have built a beautiful new style, I don’t have everything, but a lot of great wearable pieces.  My advice is to start with what you’re missing in that moment, and buy ahead for the season when you can.   Do not try to buy everything at once!  Pay close attn to materials (what you like vs. don’t) and remember to look for that when shopping online. Things that will last and are versatile.   Accessories are fun 🤩 invest in pants shoes and bags and jewelry!  Don’t just buy things because they are on sale, be thoughtful about what you’re choosing.   Do not be afraid to buy things oversized!  I was so afraid to up size for so long that I ended up with tshirts I never wear sweatpants sweatshirts, jackets etc. even SHOES!   Which brings me to my last point, remember to bring socks when trying on boots!  Xoxo 😘	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 06, 2021	labels:I'm looking for warm pants for winter (so no 4 seasons crap) that means thick flannels, moleskin or heavyweight denim, budget up to 100$, preferably less. Advice?
text:Clarks agrees £100m private equity deal	labels:I only know Clarks from the USA. I have had a few pairs of these and have liked them. Not high fashion, but comfortable and durable. I'm currently using a pair of low rise waterproof boots that are remarkably good. Solid construction, reliably waterproof (as long as you don't submerge your ankles) and great for outdoor work.  I've always liked their kind of Euro-dorkness.	episode_done:True
text:I've taken 566 outfit photos over 4 years (my style from mid-20s to 30)	labels:One thing I've always thought you excelled at was understanding your body and silhouettes. I've always enjoyed your OOTDs (especially your travel posts!) because you knew what worked for your body and repeatedly used that formula. I'm sure taking outfit photos helped, since it's almost like viewing it from someone else's perspective.   I also was wondering where did you get your trench you have in photos from 2020? It's a dream!	episode_done:True
text:agree that the sidebar would be worth looking at, but just know it might not be perfectly catered to someone in their late teens. That being said, the basic gist and teachings of things like the basic bastard apply to pretty much all styles. My advice would be to focus on fit and keeping things simple/cohesive, that alone will have you dressing better than 90% of people.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Yes the menswear is, but a convenient excuse to visit and take in all the wonders of NYC.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 19, 2020	labels:If anyone’s bored hml and we can aimlessly chat about random fashion stuff	episode_done:True
text:Annual Capes, Cowls, and Cloaks	labels:Tent time, poncho period, stole season	episode_done:True
text:[Inspiration] Pearls	labels:Honestly the only person that pulled them off well in the album is that pretty mothafucka ASAP Rocky (7-10). In the rest it mostly detracted imo	episode_done:True
text:Clark's Wallabees	labels:Got about 5 pairs, but, I just find them really narrow looking these days..	episode_done:True
text:This reminds me of Abby's blue dress from Broad City. She looks super hot in it when going out but it still looks nice when worn out to dinner!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:wait you guys would’ve flamed me in 2013 for my cowboy boots :,(	labels:	episode_done:True
text:That's absolutely true, I have a lot of shirts I only wear depending on my body type	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I'm not currently in a relationship and I live at home, so obviously it's a bit different, but omg I have never been so thankful that my dad and brother are actually really good at laundry. I didn't think there was anything to be good at but fucking hell. Just reading about your sweaters hurts so much, I'm so sorry	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Fall 2020 Fit Battle - Round 2 Results and Discussion	labels:Damn, 3 votes! Good stuff, Chuck. Looks like I need some more character development before I steal your flair. ^^^would ^^^totally ^^^take ^^^a ^^^"The ^^^Other ^^^Chuck" ^^^though    It was a pleasure to even be in this thing in the first place, glad I was able to throw down for a lil bit! Looking forward to Ngo vs DLJ, think that one’s gunna be a heater.
text:The war 100% made those things acceptable for women to wear. It also finally killed off the corset, shortened skirts, and introduced sportswear. It’s also a big reason why 1920s fashion features a lot of sportswear and more straight, androgynous silhouettes for women.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Your favorite ___ for $___: Henleys	labels:# What should we do next?
text:J. Crew Factory. Granted it’s been several years since I bought one so quality may have changed, but the few that I have are pretty much the same quality as the mainline J. Crew. The mainline ones are slightly thicker with a bit stiffer fabric with more structure to it, so the Factory ones drape a little differently but are also a bit softer. But they’ve held up just as well, and I love ‘em.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Lower quality items during Nordstrom Anniversary Sale?	labels:There are a few brands that do this (Vince and Theory are the ones I've encountered...). Back when I worked in a more formal industry I was shopping for a Theory suit. At Nordstrom Rack the suit was unlined and a wool/poly blend. At Nordstrom the suit was wool with a poly half-lining. And at the Theory flagship in NYC the suit was pure wool with some natural or cellulose full lining (it's been a few years... but it definitely wasn't poly). This was ostensibly the same suit - similar silhouette and the same name, just a few numbers on the product ID differed. And of course the fit when I tried them on was noticeably different, from the Rack one being like a very cheap imitation, the Nordstrom one being pretty good, and the flagship one fitting like a glove.   Similarly, I recently bought some AllSaints moto boots from 6pm fully expecting them to be a diluted version. Instead they were the same cow leather lined with goat leather I tried in store. Considering how these things usually go, a happy surprise (no way in hell are they worth the $450 at full price). Side note: 6pm secretly lists most of their stock on Amazon with Prime fulfillment, which is great because their return policy sucks.
text:I agree, the look is the same but the profile isn’t as slim. Unless you are referring to Oliver Cabell? those do look like stan smiths to an extent	labels:	episode_done:True
text:not sure if you should have the word Klan on a shirt there boss hahaha	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Japanese winter fashion trend 2020/2021	labels:I remember noticing the fleece look in Tokyo back in like 2018. Same with the liner jackets. I’d also say corduroy is huge in Japan. I remember seeing a lot of It, especially oversized/baggy pants in 2018 as well. Nice post	episode_done:True
text:American fashion designers take center stage at the US presidential inauguration	labels:Here's hoping that Biden eventually wears a tan suit just to troll Fox News	episode_done:True
text:w2c blade runner jacket	labels:	episode_done:True
text:It's funny, I am the exact opposite. I need to SEE myself wearing something - once I have a mental image of what "I" look like, I'm fine!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Thanks! A lot of guides make it difficult to go from the visual warp-and-weft structure of a weave to the practical effect, and I thought it made more sense to focus on the latter.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:TeeJay's Random Scent Reviews (M/30) (10/22/2020)	labels:How do you get into fragrances?
text:MFA Theme WAYWT - Change: Pacific Northwest Style	labels:Should we do the architect thread anyway? /u/bond__jamesbond, /u/iptablesabuse and I already have fits, and I'm sure a lot of us had something planned.  It could be an unofficial thread. Or I guess we could just post in regular waywt. Idk.
text:Advanced Fit Pic Techniques	labels:Related question - what tips do you have if you're in a small apartment? I'm quite tall and it's hard to get any distance between me and the camera for a fully-body shot. There's one place in my apartment that gives enough distance with a 23mm lens.   I bought a phone attachment for my tripod because my phone has a wide angle lens but it hasn't arrived yet. I assume it'll give me weird proportions anyway so I'll probably just use it for quick photos.
text:The best relaxed trousers — 13 bought and tested	labels:I love posts like this. Thanks for doing this. I would love to see an Episode 2 with \*WIDE TROUSERS\*   Finding good wide trousers is a struggle, especially when looking for a non-designer option.	episode_done:True
text:Sculptural Fashion Inspiration Album	labels:Number 5 will be perfect for the 2021 Abstract Shark Cosplay Convention.	episode_done:True
text:Better With Age: 10 Things Better Bought Used – Put This On	labels:Once again another insightful article and conversation from Derek.  Until fairly recently (the last 2-3) years, I didn't thrift or shop vintage much...aside from hitting up a surplus store on occasion. I also found myself wanting to break my own clothes in, for authenticity, but I'm loosening a bit on that.  My favourite second hand pieces are a pair of corduroys from Orvis, a vintage The Gap shetland sweater made in Scotland from the 80's and a nicely patina'd pair of paraboot chambord shoes. Oh and a deadstock French m47 field jacket. Actually might try a fit with all those...
text:I know it’s meme level to say that but they really did nail it, would love to have drinks with some of the costume department from that show  Edit: I know that the Sopranos and Mad Men had some of the same crew on it, is the Sopranos as well styled as Mad Men?	labels:It's well styled but the style is totally different from Mad Men.	episode_done:True
text:Alternative to bras?	labels:I highly recommend finding a bra boutique or specialty bra store with trained fitters. They will help you find the right bra for your body that is comfortable and supportive.	episode_done:True
text:Google a work around or pay for the subscription. Writers deserve to get paid for their work.  For the record, I didn't run into a paywall.	labels:I didn't run into paywall either, but NYT has limits on how many articles you read per month. If you hit the limit then it's blocked.
text:These are great! I laughed out loud at the Christmas in summer one.	labels:I immediately came up with an outfit	episode_done:True
text:I love this idea! My husband is Native and tribal-enrolled. We go back and visit family on the res during the holidays so I should make sure to stop by the tribe's artisan boutique. There are a lot of beautiful pieces that I've never felt like I could splurge on but this might be the right occasion!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Harry Styles wears a Gucci gown as Vogue’s first solo male cover star	labels:I've got nothing wrong with a guy wearing clothes that are traditionally for females, but I don't think any of those looks look good, though I don't know the typical content of Vogue.
text:Brands Want In on the Vintage Fashion Boom	labels:they can fuck off until they start making stuff like all the good vintage people like wearing again, and specifically of the same quality.	episode_done:True
text:FAQ: When shopping on a budget, what items have the highest point at which they reach diminishing returns?	labels:To answer the question as simply as possible, I would say that in my option the following items have the highest price point in which diminishing returns set in:  - Footwear (shoes / boots) - Jackets (as in coats not blazers)  Once again to keep it simple I would say the reason for this is as follows:  - The amount and size of different (often expensive) materials that make up these products - The amount your likely to wear them - How visible they are as part of your outfit (what I mean by this is if your wearing shoes or a jacket it’s usually the outermost layer and completely visible, a shirt or jumper can be concealed, your jacket can’t be) - The importance of comfort from these items (uncomfortable shoes are torture and a jacket that doesn’t keep you warm / dry is pointless and will make you cold and miserable	episode_done:True
text:What style rules or clothing attributes are you ruthless about?	labels:Also, this is a common rule, but no clothing that requires anything special to wear it - eg a shirt that only works when you switch around the bra straps of your convertible bra, a dress that requires shapewear to look how you want it to look, a wrap blouse that has to be pinned into place after you put it on, a shirt that requires another shirt underneath because it’s see-through - all of those are a no for me. If it doesn’t work with just my regular underclothing (except for choosing nude underclothing for light pieces) I won’t buy it - I just know by now I’m not going to make the effort to wear it when I could just put on something easier that I like just as much.
text:What is your favourite item from a discount brand?	labels:I bought a $9 hoodie from Amazon that turned out to be one of my favorites! It's so cozy and soft
text:This sub is the only place where there's hype for Uniqlo, it is vastly overrated	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What do YOU do with "chub rub" jeans?	labels:I know it is Tuesday and not Shit-posy Saturday, but I'm gonna say it: Do nothing. Jam out with the clam out.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 30, 2020	labels:/u/theteenagegentleman   Ethan, quite the barrage of shots fired in the newest podcast/blog post. It was funny listening to it and having the same IG account/influencer come to mind over and over again... and then hearing your take on the *x* thousand follower thank you post completely confirming that he's one of the guys on your shit list, haha.
text:I'm not sorry.  God knows what mine looks like, Spotify refuses to tell me.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 01, 2021	labels:You guys I had my baby yesterday! She is the sweetest, most precious, most important thing to me ever and I’m so happy. She ended up being a super emergency c section, and I’m still processing how scary and unexpected that was, but she is super healthy and doing great. When I got pregnant I was worried about balancing parenting with my professional goals, and now I know she’s only going to add great things to my life.
text:Have your clothing purchases dramatically dropped now that we can't go anywhere?	labels:I  never worried about or felt I understood anything about fashion before. I grew up in a family of so many girls who all feel like we don't know fashion. I always wanted to but it felt unobtainable. Well I went through some family stuff where I no longer need to be spending my free time and money taking care of some family members so I have been updating my wardrobe like crazy. I watched and learned about a ton of fashion for a month first with all the free time from covid. I have never spent this much on myself ever. Don't get me wrong everything was thrift store finds or clearence but I was still wearing almost only things from highschool before and I'm 25.. I extra splurged yesterday and was able to score a brand new pair of vegan doc marten oxfords for $45!!	episode_done:True
text:FAQ: How do I know my clothes weren't made with slave labour?	labels:Buy independent and local, hard to say with fabric but if you spend enough ethicality is usually built in. Find your local makers and samplers, there is a deep well of info and knowledge.	episode_done:True
text:Looking for aesthetically pleasing pajamas	labels:Shopbop has a big collection.  I got some Karen Mabon pjs in the ‘book covers’ print and they’re fun.  Sant and Abel does cute cotton pjs and nightgowns in bright prints.	episode_done:True
text:When did skinny jeans go out of fashion?	labels:skinny jeans haven't been on trend since at least 2015-2016 imo. that's when mom jeans became all the rage.  That being said, skinny jeans are pretty much staples for most people. They go with a lot of outfits and make a lot of looks.   Just because something isn't currently on trend, does not mean it can't be stylish.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 18, 2020	labels:hey, im looking for some natural fiber workout shorts that are super light and easy to work out in. maybe merino wool. nothing with polyester etc. just as natural as possible. i know its a hard ask, which is why im asking here. anyway, if anyone has suggestions thank you	episode_done:True
text:The Evolution of My Style As a a 21 Year Old Hijabi	labels:\# 22 is so my style right now. Cutesy things with random athletic, casual, or street wear items. Pencil skirt with a hoodie; blazer with my athletic pants; button up silk shirt and platform keds.	episode_done:True
text:how often do you wash your clothes?	labels:Between my dog and Covid-19, I do laundry pretty often. Anything worn outside at the dog park gets muddy and washed after one wear. Anything worn when I'm around people gets washed after one wear. In the before days, pants would be worn twice before laundering, but not anymore.   Undergarments are washed after each wear.   Pyjamas are worn twice before getting laundered.	episode_done:True
text:Oh, and the country you're in would be helpful too, to suggest some stores.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Givenchy SS/2021 by Matthew M. Williams	labels:So is this going to be like the 5% of the collection that isnt plastered in logos and is made in tiny amounts ? Or is this actually going to be what the brand is moving towards?
text:Not Like The Other Girls™️ is my  interpretive dance troupes name. I hate fashion. It feels so forced.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Saint Laurent Teddy Jacket [Review]: Is it Worth it?	labels:... Let me search it... Put your thang down flip it and reverse it.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 28, 2020	labels:it's that time of the year again where i think about buying virgils and then remember how much they cost
text:Lot of makers on Etsy.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Mario Valentino is not Valentino Garavani	labels:Yes! And I love Valentino. Recently bought the pet a porter bag. Some of the designs are similar and some are very much Valentino Gara Garavani.	episode_done:True
text:Let me add to my post with some photos	labels:	episode_done:True
text:yeah super unnecessary imo but uh...yeah idk. For the record, I 100% do not advocate that people get bespoke Levi's  Edit: Please don't let this deter you from reading the article – there's a lot of really good stuff there, regardless of the author's denim purchasing decisions  Edit 2: Part of the reason he does this is because the purpose of his blog now that it's his full-time job is highlighting bespoke and custom artisans	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What did I just read	labels:She’s saying she’s Cinderella	episode_done:True
text:I really see the 20s influence in the meteoric rise of Amina Muaddi.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 01, 2020	labels:Can anybody comment on whether Killshot 2s or Blazer Lows are more comfortable? Bought some Stan Smiths but the tongues are very uncomfortable, must be my foot/gait, so looking for an alternative.	episode_done:True
text:What are your favorite colorful brands?	labels:Alice and Olivia	episode_done:True
text:Fuck yeah.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The person I follow on IG (cheapchicfinds) is posting daily Walmart or target outfits and tagging them but it doesn’t say sponsored. I’m sure she’s gotta be getting something though.  When I check a bachelor celebrity’s page for example, I clearly see the “sponsored by.”   I’ve seen some great vintage George stuff on Poshmark and thredUP too!	labels:Her last like ten posts are all Walmart and Walmart fashion, they’re definitely sponsored
text:Does your language affect how you wear colors?	labels:I speak English, and I too dislike wearing light and dark blue together *unless they are more or less the same blue but different  shades*.	episode_done:True
text:I’m not asking you to feel bad for me. This is a dumb inconvenience for me.  Just have a little sympathy for people, especially people with physical disabilities or people who aren’t neurotypical. Some people need a little extra help, so don’t make it harder for them to get that help.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How to look elegant without looking old?	labels:Good personal grooming-  neat hair, clean teeth/breath, “nails covered by at least clear nail polish” etc, Clothing- tailored, looks neat (no wrinkles, lint, excessive pilling, etc） Bags / shoes- I think these can really elevate an outfit, but remember even if your bag is $$$$ it still needs to be neat/ not too visibly worn out.  “Walking with confidence” is also important.   I think that Aly Art and Merriam style are good sources for finding your style.. Anna Bey’s channel I think is good for learning about modern elegance and at the very least self confidence, “living life to your fullest” and self respect even if you aren’t preparing to have formal dinners with a kind every evening or having an expensive lifestyle. I don’t know of other sources for “modern elegance”..   Knowing what lines and colors look good on you also makes a difference in your appearance.	episode_done:True
text:The LV neverfull is the ugliest bag of LV. I really dislike when bags have logo print	labels:	episode_done:True
text:WEEKLY DEALZ	labels:Hi! [Lovard](www.shoplovard.com) is offering 20% OFF today and tomorrow - they sell handbags, jewelry and cute masks. No code needed, get an extra 10% when you sign up for emails.  www.shoplovard.com	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Mellow Yellow	labels:This is such a high quality inspo album! I love the diversity in women and styles. Yellow is one of my favorite colors to wear.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 26, 2020	labels:Carmina loafers are finally being shipped out. They couldnt take pics of the final product so its gonna be a cool surprise  white/ivory horsebits should be p cool
text:The Very Useful Black Sweater	labels:Wtf undershirt do y’all wear under your sweaters? I find that crew neck sweaters always seem to have wider head holes than my undershirts. And I don’t live the “sweater over poplin buttondown” life anymore
text:I love how everyone is an expert on the dangers of micro plastics and synthetic materials until you show them a fleece and they go crazy for it, why does fleece always get an exception? Just because you buy one from Patagonia and pretend that offsets the environmental impact of plastic.  Sorry for the rant fleece is just so fucking ugly man	labels:Yeah I dig the look of synchillas and some other crazy patterned fleeces but I’ve never bought one cause of the whole micro plastics shebang. Absolutely have been one of those people thats like “ID OWN A PATAGUCCI ONE AND USE A GUPPYFRIEND” but they still suck 🤷‍♀️  Wish it wasn’t so bad for the environment. Nice as a functional thingy but 90% of the time I agree about them being fuck-ugly hahaha
text:Casual Wool Trousers	labels:Norse Projects and Jil Sander have some great wool trousers (Norse a bit cheaper, including their cotton-wool blend)	episode_done:True
text:This sounds great.   I might start rephrasing my knits as an actual collection, might help the Wife understand.  The sweater looks incredible. The tuck stitch is beautiful and I can only imagine that 10 ply geelong is Sooofffft.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:If he cuts a pair of 1896s or 998s in half I'm reporting an act of terrorism.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Capoeira!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What do you think about having a signature style vs. a variety of looks?	labels:I guess I would say I do, because I don't "use looks/trends" I use shapes and colours that suit me and that fit parts of me i'd like to express.  And that does create a signature "look" without trying too hard because well.. I can't change my shape, and the colours that suit me are very defined within a colour palette.  I'm almost always wearing something stretchy that accommodates my body gently, and I like deep colours, soft colours and neutrals. I can have different elements (such as a romantic element, or a classy element) but the underlying fundamentals of "me" is there.  The problem with having different looks is that less pieces go together and some aesthetics don't really suit people as well as other looks might because the "structure" of the piece clashes with the person. I'm thinking of someone who might like sleek aesthetic inspired by 6 foot tall people, when they are more small and rounded, and it may be better to keep to their lines and add "touches of sleekness". Keep the air of sleekness but twist it in a way that suits them.. in other words, not "copy the aesthetic".	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone else have this style issue?	labels:Figure out what inspires you about the style and then "translate" that to your own shape (and vibe and lifestyle etc). The retro men's khakis probably look good on the men in the photos because they're tailored to flatter that specific shape - they communicate ease and perfection and the possibility of summer fun. Try a capri pant in a bright or summery color that fits your shape to communicate those vibes on yourself.	episode_done:True
text:What rockstar(s) you take fashion inspiration from? What do you like about their style?	labels:Musicians are my biggest inspiration, far more than fashion influencers.  Hands down favorite is Alison Mosshart.	episode_done:True
text:Idk how much yvon was into patterned fleeces in the first place  I agree with your point tho	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Brand MegaReview: Asket | February 6, 2021	labels:I really like asket, only have the merino sweater which is a gorgeous piece but looking to try some of their T-shirts (I've heard they're very good) once mine wear-out. As dan mentioned they are considerably more ethical and environmentally conscious than any other brand, but that does come at a premium cost (imo, worth it). Overall have very positive connotations with Asket.	episode_done:True
text:Help needed for buying jeans online! All advice is welcome!	labels:1. check the material content. If you're looking for the thicker, heavy duty jean with no stretch look, always look at "materials and care" to check fabric content. You want it to be 100% cotton. Cheap options: Zara, H&M, Banana Republic (on sale) and more pricey: Levi's & everlane 2. For skinny jeans you probably want some with some stretch I think 90-95% cotton? (same retailers as above) 3. ALWAYS check to see what shipping/return policy is by digging around the website. Most retailers will offer free shipping over $50 which you can easily hit when buying jeans. ALWAYS!!! check what the return options are. Some will say "free returns" but the fine print will read "but return shipping will be deducted from your refund" If you don't hit the free shipping requirement just buy something you know you're going to return.  4. don't be afraid to buy sizes below and above your normal size! The more you buy the more you'll become familiar with different brands, their fit, and sizing!	episode_done:True
text:Your Chore Coat Isn’t Up to the Task	labels:I have a hard time trying to think of any piece of informal menswear that doesn't come from a military or working class background besides athletic wear. Even then, of course you're going to find people not wearing it for its original function
text:L.L.Bean x Todd Snyder Collection	labels:Wabbit season	episode_done:True
text:don't wake me, i plan on sleeping in: a sunday morning inspo album	labels:I really like this album in the way color and shape are featured. It’s really interesting to me to see stuff like leather jackets and side zip boots in more relaxed fits that aren’t overly vintage or skinny rockstar. The coziness is real!	episode_done:True
text:Hedi Slimane’s CELINE- an idealized look at 1960s rock & roll (large inspiration album)	labels:Great album and writeup	episode_done:True
text:Absolutely seconded, he would make a great mod.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 25, 2020	labels:What color of shirts goes with an off white pants and dark blazer? Is it even the shirt the best choice to wear underneath?
text:Uniqlo U	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - February 16, 2021	labels:i gag whenever i see engineering memes   it’s like they’re trying to be elitist and insider but it’s also the most basic freshman year knowledge and it’s also not even funny   shit’s embarrassing
text:give me a reason: inspo from multiple sources	labels:How do you find this inspo manifesting itself in your personal style?
text:What are your go-to, everyday shoes?	labels:Blundstone 585 in light brown, pairs well with lots of jeans for causal looks especially jeans and t shirt/sweater combo. Been rocking them with rag and bone jeans and BR tees and feel sharp af. They’re so comfortable for me to walk in and I have no fear of getting them dirty or banging them up which I always worry about in other shoes.
text:If you were a villain in a movie, what would you wear?	labels:I’d dress just like everyone else. The truest horror of evil is its banality.
text:Fold VS Hang	labels:Hang woven, fold knit	episode_done:True
text:Topman is now a part of ASOS	labels:Thank god, a ridiculous shop that charges ridiculous prices for ridiculous quality. I don’t think I’ve ever bought anything from there.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 05, 2021	labels:Maybe I'm just thirsty, but imo silhouettes with high socks and leggings are criminally underused in menswear.
text:The list is basically the full set of colors they would have been able to use when factoring in dye performance (particularly color stability) . It even maps to pre-Twentieth-Century advice on house paint.  There may have been some dyes they could acquire at expense and use on clothing reserved for special occasions (and thus less roughly used), but their association of formality with monochrome obviated such luxuries. It'd be like buying a purple silk velvet tuxedo today.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Brooks Brothers's Future Looks a Lot Like Menswear’s Past	labels:* Less SKUs. The amount of stuff BB sells is overwhelming.  * Do away with there weirdly named fit system. Change it to Extra Slim, Slim, Regular, Thicc Daddies * Revamp the BB website. It's been terrible for a long time. * Have the athleisure stuff, but also focus on high quality basics, again with less SKUs. Have something like an "essentials" line. The Navy Suit. The Charcoal Suit. The OCDB. The Chino. The Wool Trouser. Without fifty million variations thereof. You go now and it's like here are three navy suits with different kinds of stretch, here are four more with some kind of temperature controlling fabric. Just give me a half to full canvas lined 100% wool navy suit in various fits and sizes. In other words, simplify your menswear line to cut down on SKUs, and that will give you more room to play with sheep on skis and stuff (i think that does sound kind of cute, very Ralph Lauren). * Do away with Golden Fleece, Red Fleece. Mainline only. Again confusing to the consumer. * Where BB could play more is in areas like sport shirts. By all means offer your classics like blackwatch etc., but other menswear shops like Sid Mashburn or Todd Snyder offer all kinds of fun prints and colors while still feeling like classic #menswear.  i dunno, just riffing my own personal desires for BB. i don't know anything about running a large clothing manufacturer and retailer.
text:Not just you, thrashed and vintage clothing really took off in the mainstream this year and sellers acted accordingly, I had some guy on Grailed listing a pair of destroyed, ripped up APC’s for like $80 and halfway through the summer re listed them for almost $500	labels:Oofta
text:If you don't want to invest in a ring light, you can also position your laptop in front of your TV and open Youtube... search for "white screen 10 hours" and up your brightness. Makes a similar effect for $0 bucks. Obviously a ring light is better but just wanted to throw it out there in case you didn't wanna spend $$$!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The bloomingdales app is such trash on android. Do you have difficulties checking out? I'm struggling so hard 🙃	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Sweet, sounds like you’ve got 20+ sources of inspiration for the next one.   I’ll be interested to see what your take on this is.	labels:Ohh brother, but I don't post, not my thing. I do also dress too boring to fit in among the regulars here. Maybe one day.
text:I super agree with wear it at home, especially with the pandemic. Since March I've been wearing those more out there blouses and outfits that I bought but have been usually too nervous to wear. I work from home rn so waking up and picking out an outfit has been a fun way to keep some sort of routine. I feel good wearing them when I (sadly rarely) go  my partner to get groceries and the like. Now the final step I think is wearing it out one day when I meet up with friends and folks I know again.   For whatever reason I just dread the comments of "oh wow that's new" or "dang all dressed up" but in reality it's not a big deal. People won't have seen me irl in basically a year so what better time to say I changed things up	labels:About the comments from others, this was one that I struggled with for a long time. I think it’s important to think about any and all other reasons that may have led to them making those comments. Honestly, I think it’s more likely that most people say that kind of stuff because they’re searching for a way to start a conversation and that’s all they could quickly come up with it. Not necessarily that they wanted to point out or judge your choice in clothing. It’s also relieving over time to push away the feeling that you’re obligated to explain yourself. If that’s not the conversation you want to have, simply say yep or thanks and move the conversation along :)	episode_done:True
text:The best plain t-shirt video guide — 11 t-shirts bought and tested	labels:Would love to see son of tailor tee review but thanks for the vid	episode_done:True
text:yeah the camber and a few others (anything not bolded) has bad measurements ie no actual measurements, just size guidelines	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 24	labels:should i be doing weight lifting at the gym in a sweatshirt or hoodie instead of a performance tee or tank top?  normally i wear the latter as it is light and easy to pack  to the gym, and easy to clean and to stay cool.  but ive heard quite a few people swear on lifting in hoodies. some argument about keeping muscles warm helps lifting. not sure if there is any scientific basis on that
text:Rugby Union is a middle and upper class sport associated with fee paying schools in England (and Scotland to some extent).  The working class version is Rugby League. There was a schism in the late 1800s over the payment of wages to players and the dominance of London and the South East of England in the RFU. The working class sport went in an entirely different direction.   Union is the prominent version in culture, and the big money one too and a lot of English support and players still come from the wealthy South East and private fee paying schools.  Slightly different in Wales where we kept playing Union, and it's essentially our national sport and very working class but we're an outlier in the UK on that.  Of course, Ireland (and Ulster) is even more complicated because of, well, the sectarian thing.  But rugby shirts tend to get seen heavily around the big Spring and Autumn tournaments and worn by a very particular kind of English man (and Scotsman, Welshman etc), that is both a class thing and also a kind of macho laddish thing. Here in Wales rugby culture is heavy drinking, men down the club thing and not exactly friendly to women, LGBT etc.  There's also the national thing, Wales' single greatest sporting achievement in my lifetime in popular culture probably isn't winning the Tour de France or making it really far in euro 2016. It's knocking England out of the rugby world cup they were hosting at their home stadium. We all love to hate England rugby fans too. The England rugby team represent a lot of what the Welsh resent about England for lots of reasons.  When we were in Japan for the World Cup last year I thought my wife was going to tear apart the loud England fan who was supporting Fiji over us three seats away.	labels:That makes sense. My father-in-law is really into rugby, in all forms, and has all the obscure sports packages for TV to be able to record basically every single match on earth. He very well might have been on the US national team in his 20s... but tryouts were on his wedding day. Ended up being the club team advisor for about a decade at the university he taught at instead.  He's never brought up this stuff at all.
text:Favorite outfit?	labels:I love wearing clothes that make me look like a classy but edgy but cute schoolgirl. Like a white sheer blouse with a nice collar + a little satin band that almost looks like a tie, black cardigan, short black skirt and knee high suede boots and wavy hair. Makes me feel very powerful when I’m strutting down the corridors at uni.	episode_done:True
text:Boba's Ultra Basic Steps For Developing Style and Outfits (version 1)	labels:I've taken a couple of laps before writing this comment, but up-front I think aesthetics section should be split, because I think the most basic question, which is answered aesthetically but not functionally, is what do you want your clothes to **do**? Giving off a vibe is mentioned, but there's an even more functional level of "are these clothes sensible for how I live my life?" Are you buying lots of hawaiian shirts even though live at the north pole, or buying down parkas when you live in Hawaii? Do you regularly find yourself cold and wet because you don't own any raincoats, or find that your fishnet sleeves keep getting caught on the mill in the machine shop, or that your raw denim really doesn't give you the flexibility you need to dance?   I think what the clothes do should meet you where you do what you do, and at the most basic level that's physically enabling you to do things, and you can build a vibe from that.
text:LOL I kinda love this even though it’s low key shade; I should’ve specified that I’m not able to find it during the holiday season. Edit; ok I did specify “during the holiday season” I mean isn’t that the norm; I don’t think I’m that odd; odd yes but not that odd.	labels:Its not shade!! Ahaha fashion on this sub tends to just be super boring and someone's basic being a long velvet dress is so refreshing   I think after black Friday some more may be released, but there's also a chance that companies may hold off due to the realities of the world this year. You could try looking into more goth websites maybe? Like black milk always releases velvet collections about this time, especially if burned velvet is your vibe
text:What is your 2021 style resolution?	labels:i wanna look fresh as fuck
text:General Discussion - January 20, 2021	labels:My partner is now officially my spouse. I now wear a ring which will look good with my fits, but feels really weird being just ... there on my hand, all the time now.  They vetoed me posting pictures (we have public facing jobs, these pictures are all over social media, too easy to reverse image search etc.), but they wore a Rick Owens dress (that I picked out) while I went full minimalism with a collarless shirt with onyx studs, a sleek blazer and cropped trousers. I put this together from my existing wardrobe, since we didn't want to spend a lot. Covid measures made things a bit weird, but the court officer made a real effort into making it nice, which was great. (edit: just so nobody thinks we are totally irresponsible: it was literally just us at city hall, no guests, no party. We'll catch up with that after vaccination.)  It was fun seeing all y'all Americans count down to my wedding day.
text:Do you name your favorite outfits?	labels:I, too, have been bequeathed outfit names from my partner...some examples.   ‘Amazonian Office Warrior’: Leopard print shirt rolled to 3/4 sleeve, black leather pencil skirt, multi strapped black heel, hair with a feature plat, makeup at full blast (which he also calls my ‘war paint’).  ‘80s Candy Store Assistant’: Beige linen shortalls, multi coloured pastel fluffy crew neck sweater, white sneakers, ankle height scalloped lace socks.  ‘Karen’s Kracken’: high waisted Tommy Hilfiger jeans, tucked in white tight tshirt, black leather belt, black Birkenstock sandals, oversized sunnies, hair in a top knot. I wore this once while having to give ‘life advice’ to some ass who was hoarding stuff in covid supermarket stashing days, the name just stuck.   He is quite the creative.	episode_done:True
text:No (New) Jawnz January: 2021 Edition	labels:Damn, I already dropped money on a vest and pair of jeans (that I'll likely return but still). Yeah, I'm not dropping any more. Seriously don't actually need additional clothing right now.	episode_done:True
text:Total big brain move to dip out of the subreddit right before awards season so no one can question your nomination	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Is anyone else intimidated by maximalism? I love it, but how do you do it?	labels:These examples are brightly colored, textured, or patterned, Maybe it would help to imagine n e these in neutrals, to see how wearable they are?  I feel like older edititions of Vogue or Numero or W- like around y2k- will have wonderful examples of mixing minimalusm and maximakism	episode_done:True
text:Women who have moved for extended periods of time on 1 or 2 suitcases only, how did you do it? Here's the beginning of my process	labels:You might try asking in r/heronebag. They're used to it as a travel thing, but some may have one-bagged for temporary jobs or school programs, packing more than usual and for more than one season.	episode_done:True
text:What’s your favorite winter fashion staple?	labels:Wool tights.   A good backpack that fits over your jacket or some other convenient bag that works well with your jacket open or closed. The bags I use the rest of the year usually end up being awkward during winter.   Substantial belts to cinch bulky dresses or long sweaters.   Slim-fitting turtlenecks. The right bra makes all the difference if you think turtlenecks don't work for you.	episode_done:True
text:Maybe controversial, but ESH. Obvy she's crazy to be triggered by such a flattering comment, but the fact that you'd wear spots when your whole look is based on colour blocks is really just bad taste IMO.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Anyone have a job that requires you to wear "work clothes" (nursing, trades, etc.)? What is your off-duty wardrobe like?	labels:I work in healthcare as well and wear scrubs to work.  I find that since I dress down on a daily basis, I tend to want to dress up a bit more when I’m not at work - heels, dresses, etc.  That being said, my wardrobe in general is fairly casual since I really have no need to business clothing.	episode_done:True
text:Thanksgiving Outfits	labels:My uniform for thanksgiving tends to be a nice sweater with a necklace paired with leggings so i can eat all day long and not be uncomfortable, but still look decent doing it. But this year it may very well be pjs since nobody is coming over :(
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 30	labels:Does anyone know any “normal” sized male fashion influencer on Instagram that I can pull inspiration from?  I’m 5’8 and used to weigh 100kg. I’m now 78kg and my face, my arms and my legs definitely look thinner and I guess “normal” for my height. My waist and thigh area is still a bit thicker than how I would want them to look like. I wanted to show off my new self by also leveling up the way I dress although I’m not really that good at styling myself. I was trying to find male influencers on instagram that have a similar body type so I could pull inspiration from them or maybe find the pieces that they’re wearing, but I couldn’t find any. They’re mostly dudes with 6 packs. Can you guys help me out?	episode_done:True
text:Rick Owens Fall 2021 Menswear Collection	labels:There is something special about Rick Owens, I do also like his work, most of the people if they do own something from RO it is Ramones.  Anyway, some of the pieces are not wearable (at least on the street) or functional at all. But he definitely left soms footprints in fashion industry. That is why I value him a lot.  He just does not give a shit about opinions and still selling hard.	episode_done:True
text:I bought these very popular aritzia melina leather pants..an inspo album and fit pictures	labels:I love the outfits you recreated! I have these pants to, am your size/fit except I’m 5’8”. I did buy the 8, and the gapping is REAL. However, I planned on and do wear them primarily with chunky knits and shirt hems that cover the waist, and this wasn’t a huge dealbreaker for me. My only CC  is maybe getting them hemmed? A lot of the looks you recreated have an ankle length to them, which stood out for me!	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 20, 2021	labels:Does anyone know of an alternative/something similar to the Rag&Bone Spencer Derby? A slim derby with a thicker sole, but not Vibram thick. I also like the pull tab but that's definitely optional.   Any help is much appreciated, I've been searching for ages.	episode_done:True
text:How has your style changed as you’ve gotten older?	labels:I've always been chubby growing up, and because of my insecurities I use to cover myself up from head to toe. Hair down, baggy shirt with long sleeves showing no chest, tall jeans with no holes, knee socks below the jeans, and a pair of old sneakers. I use to wear black a lot as well because it was slimming. I never owned dresses, shorts, tank tops, or sandals because I believed they were to revealing.  Nowadays, I am a lot more confident in my appearance. I partially contribute that to my weight loss, but my friends now also helped in boosting my confidence. I'm now able to wear jeans with holes in them, I still don't like sleeveless shirts, but am able to wear more fitted clothing and show some skin. I no longer wear knee high socks and sometimes just go out in sandals or some heels. I love playing with colors now and feel as if I'm on the path to finding a style which truly suits me. I also recently bought my first pair of shorts since I was a child, so that's exciting 😗	episode_done:True
text:Top Down / Aerial / Crotch Shot WAYWT	labels:Note: This is not a shitpost. This is an actual weekly thread for people to post outfit pictures from their perspective (i.e. Top Down). WAYWT stands for 'what are you wearing today?' though obviously you can share outfits you've worn before that within reason.  So please feel free to share.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/malefashionadvice) if you have any questions or concerns.*	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - February 16, 2021	labels:Hey all, trying to improve my style and have bought a pair of light washed jeans (light blue). I was thinking about some light-coloured shoes to go with them like Jordan 4 Guava Ice / Jordan 1 Mochas or something even as simple as white af1. What kind / colour top should i be looking for to compliment the fit.   Thanks in advance :)	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 12, 2021	labels:restaurant people: what are the margins like at italian places? why does a plate of carbonara cost $20 in LA and NY?  on the flip side, why do bowls of pho or hand-pulled noodles cost severely less?  is there an industry answer i haven’t thought of over what i assume to be the case?
text:Please describe the type of outfit you’ll be wearing.   The Jack Purcell Signature with the zoom air insole is one of my favorites to walk in.  You can still find New Old Stock (NOS) JP Signatures on eBay.   The standard Jack Purcells that you’d find in the Converse store aren’t nearly as good.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I had a very nice pornstache for a while this past summer	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Does Anyone Ever Feel Like It’s Hard to Find Basic Clothing Items That Were Plentiful in the Past?	labels:I love that you live in a world where a long velvet dress is a basic piece of clothing, please never change.  But, theyre seasonal - chances are that a few more will be released as Christmas and New Years get closer.
text:www.creedthoughts.gov.www\creedthoughts	labels:	episode_done:True
text:That’s fair, we are in a really cold snap where I live right now. I actually found that I used my outerwear more this year since I couldn’t do much else. This winter has had a lot of long walks with the dogs, ice skating, cross country skiing, and socially distanced walks and fire pits with friends.  I did find that my technical outerwear and layering pieces for more use this year, as opposed to my nicer cashmere sweaters and wool coats that I would usually wear for work or indoor activities in a non pandemic winter	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What do you think about having a signature style vs. a variety of looks?	labels:I have three or four distinct styles. Most of the time I like wearing dark, edgy punk-inspired clothes. However, I’m a style chameleon. If I need to be professional, I have a whole separate wardrobe of high-quality suiting. Take out my piercings, and I’ll have anyone fooled that that’s the realest me. In the summer and family gatherings I often wear more earthy boho and beachy surfer looks. Fashion is a great tool for self-expression, matching the mood, and setting the mood.
text:This is amazing.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 16, 2020	labels:Tested negative on my rapid today, just gotta wait for the final PCR test results to come back in a couple days.   Got to chill outside in some snow for a couple hours and have some udon on the way to warm me up, life ain’t so bad after all :)   Edit: fuck I’ve been looking at short sleeve fatigue/BDU shirts and 18east just posted a pic of one on their story....   Edit edit: My udon order got cancelled with less than 20 mins to go lol. Maybe I spoke too soon   Edit edit edit: the restaurant called about me cancelled order and told me to go again through Ubereats. I just spent about 90 minutes trying to figure out why I have a 60 dollar charge on my account from Postmates when this shit was supposed to not get charged at all. I JUST WANT MY FUCKING UDON
text:This, but possibly unpopular opinion: the best outfits are in the last couple seasons with the proto-70s styles.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Dress Sneakers Are Alarmingly Popular	labels:Dress sneakers never look good for the intent that the wearer is going for and this is the hill I'm willing to die on.
text:It’s almost like it’s a big deal and the results affect the lives of hundreds of millions of people and indirectly the entire world.	labels:MFA having a post about it doesn’t mKe it more or less relevant, as if anyone doesn’t already know what’s going on	episode_done:True
text:What shoes besides boots are you looking forward to wearing this fall?	labels:I have a cute pair of brown heeled oxfords that I think will be really cute with deep warm autumn tones!	episode_done:True
text:If you like ______, you might like ______.	labels:If you like Burberry, you might like Mackage	episode_done:True
text:Best of Malefashionadvice 2020- Awards thread!	labels:I think I love EVERY single fit in that Sweater layering album. That is rare for me.	episode_done:True
text:We share a cubicle. Our chairs literally touch if we're not both pushed up to our desks...I'm just oblivious to the world, lol	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Shopping my own closet for the perfect tee	labels:This is a great idea, I need to do it with jeans! I feel like i keep buying the same styles, and since I haven't been out much they just sit there waiting to be broken in, meanwhile I'm opening a new tab to look at yet another pair in the same cut and wash lol
text:\#JeriOut	labels:	episode_done:True
text:And yeah, no, I dress primarily for myself and then it's a distant second for pretty much anyone but hetero men.  Or I guess you could say I dress for men in the sense that on my commute to and from work, which is pretty much the only time a move around alone on public transport, I cover up more than I normally would if I'm wearing something bodycon so that they leave me the fuck alone. And that still normally doesn't work.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 13, 2020	labels:Eventful run today:  * Decided to start things off with a 100m stair climb because I hate myself  * Tried a new route, got lost and ran 1.5k in completely the wrong direction.   * Decided to up the pace a bit on the last kilometer and promptly ate shit  ----  Unrelated: watching The Mandalorian has me thinking about about how much the costume design carries Star Wars. In the original movies the Sand People and >!Boba Fett!< had barely any characteristics besides their costumes, but they're such good costumes that people still want to tell stories about them 40 years later.  There's also an amusing amount of shameless theft going on in the setting. Like how in that one episode Mando goes to ~~Arrakis~~ Tatooine and fights a ~~sandworm~~ Krayt Dragon with the help of the ~~Fremen~~ Sand People.
text:Top Down / Aerial / Crotch Shot WAYWT	labels:Note: This is not a shitpost. This is an actual weekly thread for people to post outfit pictures from their perspective (i.e. Top Down). WAYWT stands for 'what are you wearing today?' though obviously you can share outfits you've worn before that within reason.  So please feel free to share.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/malefashionadvice) if you have any questions or concerns.*	episode_done:True
text:What is think	labels:	episode_done:True
text:If you’re looking for more streetwear (sport) I recommend going to the streetwear subreddit. Folks there can be a bit more prickly but you’ll get some better streetwear inspiration there IMO.  This subreddit seems more inclined towards traditional menswear which isn’t a bad thing... I’m a fashion omnivore myself.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 24, 2020	labels:Got my 'Qlo raw denim hemmed and washed and ready to wear all by my lonesome in my studio apartment.  Very excited.	episode_done:True
text:I understand, currently in my area there is a lot of cropped tops, sweaters, and jackets that’s flooding the markets and stores. It reminds me of when people could only buy those low waisted pants albeit it’s probably easier to find something you prefer now.	labels:I think of my grandmother who I love discussing fashion with. She absolutely despises my Birkenstocks. But if she is wearing heels or fashion sandals with flat cardboard soles she is limited on how far she can walk and what she can do. Whereas I converted to Birks after lots of travel because they are good in heat and can handle walking long distances, whether it’s across a city or a mountain! As a rule I don’t buy shoes unless I could walk three miles in them.   I think people are looking for something similar now where they want their clothes to fit a few purposes: comfort, style, and maybe work too. I loved another person’s post in another thread about going back to business casual: “who are we really kidding?”	episode_done:True
text:How do men's outerwear differ from women's? I found a really good deal on a 100% wool coat, but in men's...	labels:I would check out Aritzia for wool coats. I think right now they're on sale for more or less 200 dollars and they're made from Italian wool.   Otherwise, I would highly suggest getting the size as close to you as possible and consider getting it tailored--especially if you intend to get a nice coat that lasts a long time. I think it's definitely worth the money tailoring nice clothes to your body!
text:"Also the blazer is a bit too flamboyant for me"	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What materials are worth paying more for? What equals quality?	labels:I will pay more for 100% cotton, linen, wool, cashmere and silk.  I will not pay more for anything else in 100% material including denim (uncomfortable), modal, tencel etc. I pay less for mixes, especially if it’s natural mixed with artificial, that seems to lead to pilling.  As for quality, the best way to tell is to literally feel it. It’s hard to describe but if you go to the most expensive (especially men’s clothes and minimalism/ethical focused) boutiques you can find and feel their fabrics, you will develop a touch for it. The material is almost always denser, heavier, and thicker than you are used to. That’s not to say $$$$ equals quality - but IMO it’s the best way to “learn by feel” is to find a large concentration of it. Quality is sometimes super affordable but relatively rare - for example, Hanes “ultra weight” t-shirts are some of the best quality 100% cotton tees you can buy and is very cheap (but also no design/super basic).  When I go into a new store - I don’t even pull out items on “sight”, I pull them out by feel, remember the brands that feel good and then see what else they have.  For online shopping, I stick to the same brands over and over. My favorite t-shirts, tanks and other simple tops for example are from Hanes, Wol Hide, Le Bon Shoppe, The Great, Tela9, Lilla P, and Sunspel. How do I know? I’ve felt them in person, bought them, worn and washed them, and when I need a new item, I go there first.	episode_done:True
text:Favorite unconventional workwear?	labels:I’m a huge fan of wearing vintage maxi nightie slips (satin-like fabric with a touch of lace on the neckline) over turtlenecks/long sleeve fitted blouses or under moto jackets. It feels fresh and confident without showing off skin.	episode_done:True
text:you know i never thought of it that way	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 19, 2021	labels:I never thought I'd become this person, but man, shipping costs really can fuck up my desire to buy something. I was just about to commit to buying another pair of sneakers and it's probably the best deal I'm going to find on them, added to cart, shipping info entered, billing info entered... $20 for the cheapest shipping option. No shipping codes available, no threshold I can cross to get free shipping. $20 period, no exceptions.  It's a $300 pair of sneakers discounted to $180, I guess should be able to rationalize that at $200 (including shipping), I'm still getting a better deal than what's available anywhere else online (only a few select retailers got this colorway, and all but one are sold out in my size), but still, $20 shipping feels *wrong*. My brain has been trained from years of online shopping that there should always be some way to get around paying for shipping, or otherwise, shipping should be cheap.
text:I Spent $600 on T-Shirts to Find the Best One	labels:bless your soul	episode_done:True
text:I Dyed My Jeans With $6 Dye and Here Are The Results	labels:This is the kind of quality content I love!!! This is amazing and saving this post for when I find those perfect jeans that are not that perfect color!	episode_done:True
text:Uniqlo x Jil Sander look book	labels:The women's short down jacket and stand collar jacket look good.	episode_done:True
text:Summer outfit inspiration: An inspo album and 6 lessons on how to make complete outfits even when you are dying of heat stroke	labels:I think this is my favorite album *ever*. Thank you so much for putting it together!    If anybody is able to ID the blue and white v neck puff sleeve maxi dress Rachael Wang is wearing, I will be forever in your debt! Also searching for the multicolor wrap skirt on the woman with the curly red hair and turquoise earrings!	episode_done:True
text:Got it, thanks. Its kinda tricky to get a real "no-show" sock to actually disappear in low shoes, but I hear your point.	labels:Hanes no shows at Walmart. Best I’ve found	episode_done:True
text:Have people in your are eschewed down parkas for puffer jackets instead?	labels:I thought down parkas and puffer jackets were the same thing...  Here it's mostly hoodies.	episode_done:True
text:Thanks! Do your recommend any places to get bamboo shirts?	labels:Wolf v Goat usually sells them  Then you can try your luck with stores like Independence Chicago	episode_done:True
text:Hiking and the Outdoors Inspo Album	labels:Recently got myself a Fjällräven Vidda pro jacket. Retro looks and functionality is my favourite combination. Really like this brand.	episode_done:True
text:My jeans criteria are similar. I wear men's APCs.	labels:Thanks for the tip! I’m a little skeptical of men’s jeans though because I have 24” thighs, 39” hips and 29” waist. I’m trying to find a tailor I like to see if I can get my newest pair altered, b cause it fits the rest of my standards.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 09, 2020	labels:I need a pair of high-rise slimfit jeans for men. I have short legs and a very long torso. However, I have found it difficult to find any vendors of high-rise jeans that are slim fit for men.	episode_done:True
text:Do you use nail polish remover on the marks? It works for me.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:As Chanel Raises Prices For A Second Time this Year, What Do Luxury Brands’ Inflating Prices Mean for Them & for the Industry at Large?	labels:Luxury brands inflating prices means creating another pricepoint at higher categories. When fashion tees at $300 a pop becomes the norm, why wouldn't the luxury brands jack up the price on other products to increase their margins?  The only way this can be curbed is through the consumers. When we stop falling into the hype cycle and scramble to buy up everything just for the gram and social media likes, these products will sit and go into the 50-60% off discount during the sale seasons. All these brands have data; when they see that stuff is sitting and mostly selling at lower price points, they'll need to curb their expectations and set price points accordingly.   It doesn't help right now during COVID that I see people whose jobs/income did not get affected by COVID, and therefore has additional disposable income because they aren't eating out, partying etc. They justify spending more on items at MSRP instead of waiting for a sale.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 10, 2020	labels:What are your first thoughts when you see someone wearing a nice, name brand watch?  By name brand, I mean brands that are universally recognized (Rolex, Omega, etc.).  By nice, I mean the watch appears to cost a lot of money.
text:Welp, already messed up	labels:Same lol
text:The White Issue: Has Anna Wintour’s Diversity Push Come Too Late?	labels:I wonder why the diversity question only comes up when it’s majority white, nobody seems to have a problem with company’s or people who go out of their way to promote everything that isn’t white. Since when was simply being white or Eurocentric offensive?
text:Whats with all the "stretchy mens pants" startups I am seeing all of a sudden?	labels:Because stretchy pants can look really good and be very multipurpose. They don't have to look like athletic pants or sweatpants, they can be dressed shockingly far up. You'll wind up like me and you replace all your jeans with Outlier and Lululemon pants.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 25	labels:Trying to find cheap heavy t shirts. Heavier than Uniqlo would be amazing. Any ideas?	episode_done:True
text:Best and Worst Purchases of 2020?	labels:Best: Orslow fatigues- nice straight fit, high rise, comfortable   Worst: apc petit new standards- rise was stupidly low and they were too tight up top, so I sold them for a small loss.   no more low rise for me	episode_done:True
text:How many handbags do you have and which one is your most used?	labels:I have one.  It’s a black mini backpack that I got on clearance and I love it so much.  I can fit my wallet, pepper spray and keys, phones, my  water bottle and my work clothes. It also comfortably fits a pair of sneakers inside with my wallet, phone and water bottle.  It’s crazy because the bag looks much smaller than it is. I’ve had it 6 years and I am going to be really sad once it’s worn out.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 19	labels:Are there any t shirt companies that have actual in person stores that sell t shirts that fit and feel like True Classic Tees?	episode_done:True
text:i agree! i work from home right now, and while it's not a super formal industry, i'm finding i feel better and more functional if i put on something that vaguely resembles what i would wear to an office. that said, i'm definitely a notch more casual and comfy (more jeans, more plain tees) than i might be otherwise. some people can work in sweatpants, and good for them, but i feel like i'm ready to take a nap all day if i do that.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:[Inspiration] Sculptural Jewelry	labels:Love it! Hope I didn't unintentionally steal your thunder. I'd love to get some huge pieces and go all out on my fit one day, probably never going to happen though. Jewelry can be super interesting if you look an inch further than wedding bands.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 15, 2020	labels:Has there been a recent post about jacket styles this winter?	episode_done:True
text:What's the greatest length you've gone to obtain a much coveted fashion item?	labels:When I was in middle school, I saw a sweater on a fashionable outfits Twitter page. I reverse googled the image to find it came from a shop in the UK (I’m in the US). Forgot about conversion and I ended up paying over $60 just for the sweater, not including shipping. My parents were so angry I spent all the money I had on one single clothing item but I still have the sweater about 10 years later and it continues to be a staple item
text:What is your ideal first date outfit?	labels:I always keep dates 1-2 fairly casual and do drinks or drinks and dinner since I wouldn't want to be trapped on an elaborate date if we're not vibing.   Summer: Sundress, denim jacket, white canvas sneakers if very casual place, sandals if slightly nicer.  Winter: Dark or black skinny jeans, cute top/sweater OR satin cami if I am feeling good about the date, booties. Coat depends on the weather. I try to keep it cute but sometimes giant puffy coat is the only reasonable option.
text:Changing your mindset from fast fashion to one of investment pieces. What did you learn?	labels:One of the big things I learned is that there's a lot less room for error or experimentation with investments. I feel pretty fortunate that I had a pretty good idea of what I liked and didn't like, but I think if you're still wanting to experiment then it may be best to stick with very specific investments. For example, I started just with shoes (I have strong preferences) and outerwear (I wanted to upgrade shapes/colors I already loved). That'll help build confidence in moving to other areas.
text:When to start saving clothes for your children?	labels:I'm in a similar situation as yourself. The way I think of it,  I save the clothes that I absolutely love in a small box. That way, regardless of if I have kids or not, I will have a curated box of my favorite pieces that I can look back on in time and think, "wow, I'm so happy I saved this." It's a little tedious, seeing as you will be hauling around a box for years, but if you take the approach of a museum curator, the old pieces can resemble pictures in a photo album, as opposed to clothing to be worn.
text:White T-Shirt Tier List - Penguinz0	labels:Hulkamania running wild brother	episode_done:True
text:A warning for H&M Online Purchases	labels:Same experience but for my newborn son. H&M has good looking kids clothes and we needed some pants since it was getting colder where I'm at.  Took over a month and by the time the pants arrived they no longer fit. We risked the instore return just to be over with the situation.
text:Office Clothes	labels:I am in a male-dominated field but in a sector of creatives in a professional office.  I usually wear:  -	Solid or patterned (houndstooth or understated plaid) pants. -	tops with interest like puff sleeves, boat necks, crochet detail, etc.  I don’t really like patterned tops. -	Tea length feminine dresses.  Not sheath style.  Usually a-line.  Most of my dress are in a mellow print.  -	cardigans or blazers depending on my mood  My personal palette is navy, forest green/dusty green, dark red spectrum, ivory, mustard, and sometimes black.  I can’t do pastels except pink because it washes me out, but they looks lovely on others.  I’d say 75% of my clothes come from Boden and the rest from Gap, Banana Republic, J. Crew, and some from Old Navy. Boden is my fav and their clothes feel and look nice in me and have lasted a while.   I get my pants mainly from any of those places that aren’t Boden.  Everything else, dresses and tops are from there for the most part.	episode_done:True
text:What did you teach your mom about fashion?	labels:I helped teach my mom self love! She grew up without a mom (fuck cancer) and always struggled with depression, eating disorders, and self esteem. When I was growing up she tried but didn’t know how to teach me to have self confidence, and I picked up a lot of her insecurities. She eventually encouraged me to go to therapy (for other reasons) and I helped pass on a lot of the tools I learned for self love. My entire childhood she almost exclusively wore my father’s clothes, who was much larger than her, so none of the clothes fit and she never picked them out for herself. She still doesn’t care too much for fashion but she now buys clothes for herself that make her feel good, instead of just wearing clothes to be clothed.	episode_done:True
text:What's your favorite kind of novelty clothing?	labels:silly earrings! my favorite are a pair of tacky wooden cats wearing sunglasses in vibrant '90s colors. thrifted, ofc. they're like 4 inches long, super lightweight, ridiculous, and wonderful. they get many compliments.
text:Ordered from Shoe The Bear (rant, experience in post)	labels:Try thursday boots. Never been disappointed.
text:What did you teach your mom about fashion?	labels:My mom died years ago, but I wish I could have taught her how to do makeup. Liquid eyeliner is a PITA and her attempts needed help. I miss her so much.   She taught me to always try it on, you don’t know if something that looks like a sack on the hanger may fit your perfectly.   She wore sweats all of the time, but her pale skin, dark hair and icy blue eyes looked amazing with cobalt blue. I should have encouraged her to wear that color more.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 13, 2020	labels:Slacks are the most comfortable items in my wardrobe short of sweaters. Why do so many men hold the sentiment that “dressing up” equates to being uncomfortable? I just went to a Christmas service at an employee’s rural church where everyone wears jeans or other 5 pocket pants and oxfords. No problem with that at all, but 4 or 5 people made comments about my slacks/shirt/tie/bomber jacket/boots(he said be casual...I still over dressed with the tie) with things like “man I’m glad someone can wear those”.   Who hurt these people? Are teenage men being put in some awful $99 suits and being traumatized? I have never worn less than a decent department store suit so maybe I am blind to struggles of others, but even a $300 department store suit is quite comfortable. Nothing compared to 100% wool tailored pants that feel like amazing pajamas, but still comfortable compared to jeans.
text:Yea there’s some room for improvement  Thanks man!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:This should be a look for moms. No decade need be specified.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:"Pair with denim" is going to make a bad clash with formal and informal.	labels:No, you really can dress a casual blazer down. It's kind of silly that people keep saying otherwise...
text:I like your integrity but i think of how crazy it is that most fashionable ideas are copies of other fashionable ideas. I have seen a few Kate spade bags that are pretty direct copies of YSL’s Sac Du Jour, Rebecca Minkoff and Michael Kors are pretty notorious for being inspired by whatever the it bag of the moment is. high fashion dictates and then that idea is typically diluted to the masses so intellectual property becomes an interesting conundrum. 99% invisible has a great episode about counterfeits if you are interested!	labels:>nspired by whatever the it bag of the moment is. high fashion dictates and then that idea is typically diluted to the masses so intellectual property becomes an interesting conundrum.  This reminds me of the blue sweater speech in Athe Devil Wears Prada.	episode_done:True
text:Farmer Gucci   Or as I like I say, Agri-Couture	labels:	episode_done:True
text:WshoeWT - December 08, 2020	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 23, 2020	labels:Oh trust me, I will gatekeep because it’s proved to be the only way to ensure the existence of standards.  And I don’t care about what you say you are. Fedoras/Dusters/Capes/whatever is not just clothing. It’s an entire lifestyle and subculture that you are unlikely to be privy to or even fit into if you lack the euphoria and pedigree. That’s just the reality.  You’re probably one of those people who believes anybody can be anything yada yada yada. Sorry to break it to you, but no matter how much I want to be, say, a gentlesir, it simply isn’t going to happen. I can don the wolf shirts all I want, but it doesn’t change the fact that because it isn’t who I was born, it’s something I’ll never be. The same goes for most of the people on this subreddit who, by most accounts, even detest and reject the trappings of class that can not be divorced from euphoria. It is a style of, by, and for the American lower basement class and below, and nothing you say will change that.   It’s literally a costume for most of the people on this sub, and frankly, it’s subversive and I despise it.
text:They wore a tee-shirt so they wouldn't ruin their dress shirts with pit stains	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Schott 538 Nubuck Cowhide Mechanic Jacket	labels:Schott jackets are designed for old white people. You can get this style in a more flattering cut from Aero for around the same price. At full retail ($810) there are better options than Schott from a looks perspective. They are well made jackets but they should be at that price point.
text:White T-Shirt Tier List - Penguinz0	labels:i didn’t finish the video but did he cover Pro-Club white tees lol those shirts are so thicc they can stop a bullet	episode_done:True
text:Fall Fit Battle - Final Four - Discussion	labels:I believe my run in this battle is reaching its imminent conclusion  /u/8888plasma those textures in your fit are something else my gosh	episode_done:True
text:People will be people.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Greats are fantastic, They're a bulkier silhouette than Common Projects but no one would look at them and think "chunky".   J Crew started as one of my favorites because of their absurd sales and inoffensive basics, I don't have any issues with the quality of the items and like all my pieces from there. One specific item to highlight though, their linen shirts are crazy good for the price, easily my favorite cheap linen.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- November 03	labels:High Rise Pants, Where to find them. I'm a big fan of English style, high waisted trousers but my length from hip to crotch is too long for most pants that claim to be high waisted.  Is there anywhere online or in Canada that sells anything like this or do I need to get them tailored? I especially love them with pleats.  Thanks for the help!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 01, 2020	labels:mark my words I *will* be an organic berry farmer and will define a new era of rustic chic
text:Feeling self-conscious with changing style around family - anyone relate? Tips?	labels:This was me around your age (or about 15-21).  My parents (and all of my relatives) expected me to dress super preppy (like a walking J. Crew catalog-- those were a thing then).  I was secretly alternative and was more about band tees and late 90s era Hot Topic stuff.  But I had very few Hot Topic type things because of my parents.   I remember putting black lipstick on as soon as I got to school and taking it off before I went home.  I hid the lipstick in my locker.    They still give me a hard time about how I dress and I simply reply with "I'm not you.  If you want to see your perfect child, go see \[sister's name\]" (my sister is a clone of my mom in almost every way, shape, and form).	episode_done:True
text:I'm jealous you live somewhere that has a local goth club:(	labels:	episode_done:True
text:goodnight sweet nectar	labels:	episode_done:True
text:>this alleged sexual harasser needs to be saved  `   >i hate fashion why the fuck would you spend $100 on that pervert's tees lol	labels:Don't forget lamenting that it isn't *advice* so it doesn't belong here reeeeeeee
text:Can you have a clothing style without actually wearing that certain style much?	labels:This isn’t a direct answer to your question, but I’ve found I have a ‘hopeful’ sense of style and a ‘realistic’ sense of style.  Hopeful-me will think about buying a teal floral wrap dress because it’s gorgeous. Realistic-me knows it will sit in my closet untouched for 3 years because I don’t wear teal!   I’ve learned to differentiate between the two while I shop, at least. If I was a celebrity suddenly, maybe I would lean towards hopeful-me’s style, but for now I am normal and realistic!
text:Natural fibers are also more expensive, so I’m not sure a waitress who can’t work full time gives a shit about wearing linen vs polyester if she can’t even rely on her government to provide unemployment.	labels:Right? Faux leather pants, on the other hand, can be wiped clean, and who doesn't love *that*?
text:20 Sweaters for Less Than $150, So You Can Achieve Peak Coziness - Esquire.com	labels:They have notched lapel sweaters?!	episode_done:True
text:shipping is like 20. No duty between US and Uk, I think.	labels:This is false, at least on goods coming from the US and being imported to the UK. Not sure on the other way around but I would assume there is some sort of tax.
text:Deceptive Marketing Practices by Fashion Companies	labels:Companies that have membership to buy clothes makes me think the clothes aren’t good quality and won’t last very long tbh, as if you’ll buy something and will shortly need to replace it, puts me off	episode_done:True
text:How to combine colors	labels:Not another skin color post	episode_done:True
text:Love the idea of matching from opposite sides of the color wheel. I do definitely try to stick to my season as well. Thanks for these awesome tips!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do you feel the Pandemic is affecting your style? (Or, “I am a butterfly in a chrysalis”)	labels:I’ve been working at a grocery store throughout Covid so most days I wear jeans and a store tshirt. It’s too cold to even dress up for fun at home so practically all of my clothing goes unworn. I totally am feeling the chrysalis thing right now though! I’m losing weight (retail workout/anxiety diet) and my taste is getting really forest gothy. I don’t have time or energy to sew right now but I have dyed a lot of my fancy fabrics black and hung them all up. I love seeing all the tonal and texture variations. I’m going to use some of my historical patterns from a range of periods. Maybe wearing fabulous clothes after Covid will help us heal from this awful period.	episode_done:True
text:Big Coats	labels:My camel hair, knee length overcoat from Lucky Brand is my favorite purchase of the last few years. Looks dope with everything from sweats to a suit.	episode_done:True
text:Marilyn Monroe: Casual Style and Dressing for Men	labels:This is a place for discussion, so.. In my opinion, true womanhood is not tied to certain behaviors. What would those behaviors be, do you mean? How can you behave in a way that makes you less of a woman?  Being womanly isn't tied to wanting to doll up for men. Are you also saying that women that don't feel like they have to doll up in front of 10000 marines are lesser women because of it?   In my opinion, all of this is based on sexist views that once again, men are the true judges of what's sexy, what's a true woman, and what a woman should dress like and act like in order to be a real woman. You say this, but with different words, when you describe how men appreciate something that's more true than what women appreciate.  Can't we just appreciate fashion and clothes without having to *be* something?   Marilyn Monroe grew up in a man's world. 2020 is *supposed* to be 50/50.
text:ModCloth Returns to “Independent” Ownership	labels:Unfortunately a buyout by a financial firm usually means sucking as many resources from the company as possible before bankrupting or shutting it down.
text:Is 2020 the year of the 'house dress?' On comfort as a 'trend'.	labels:I am currently IN a striped t-shirt dress that I would not wear outside as it is too clingy. But SO freaking comfortable.	episode_done:True
text:WEEKLY DEALZ	labels:american eagle is 50% off clearance right now
text:Shitpost Saturday: Body Types (no fruit answers allowed)	labels:Ok, true story. My boyfriend’s daughter and I were talking about body types, and how I’m a pear. He overhears and disagrees vehemently.   He’s a quick-thinking guy, and I know he’ll have a good answer, so I say, “ok smart guy, what shape am I?”  “Well, you’ve got good hips and butt, and a long but slender torso. You’re male genitalia. Penis and balls.”  So, apparently I’m genitalia shaped. Sorry, that’s not a food, but it’s what I’ve got.
text:What do you guys think about sites like Poshmark and Curtsey?	labels:I buy 90% of my clothes from Poshmark and ThredUp.    Poshmark: has a much larger inventory than ThredUp.  You can communicate with sellers and can often bundle items for discounts and ask for more pictures/measurements.  ThredUp: easier to search for a type of item (e.g. white cotton t-shirt) and save that search, which I find really helpful.  Much easier to find a specific fabric.  For example I love linen and there's no way to find linen clothes on Poshmark besides just searching "linen" and hoping the seller looked at the fabric.  Each item is shown on a mannequin, which is nice but sometimes it's difficult to see the details (hem, pattern, etc.).	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Grandma's Gift	labels:In lieu of fur, she has gifted me with a live ermine to wear draped around my neck a la Gothel in Barbie as Rapunzel. At least it's a talking point in zoom meetings?	episode_done:True
text:How do I improve my fashion sense beyond just tshirt and jeans?	labels:An easy transition from tees can be a cami (satin or something drapey) with a cropped or duster length cardigan. It seems more put together because you’re combining items and layering, but is still very comfortable. Add jewelry and mix up the shoes and you’re done. Variations of this can take you from super casual to the office to date night.	episode_done:True
text:Who are your favorite fashion influencers on Youtube?	labels:I love The Geek is Chic, Retro Flame, and Tamara Kalinic!	episode_done:True
text:Aimé Leon Dore for Drake's F/W 2020 Lookbook	labels:I don't live a lifestyle where Drake's makes sense, but damn I wish I did.	episode_done:True
text:2020 Fall Fit Battle - Championship - Discussion	labels:Please leave some superlative categories below:
text:Tailoring for the People	labels:Amazing album, that first pic in particular got me feeling some kind of way. The colors and textures are outstanding!	episode_done:True
text:Feeling self-conscious with changing style around family - anyone relate? Tips?	labels:I tend to favor the approach that action minimizes self consciousness, not that minimizing self consciousness first will make you comfortable enough to do the action. You might catch yourself setting certain outfits aside, and those are key moments to train yourself to look out for. When you find yourself doing it, make a choice. Some days you may simply wish to be comfortable, no shame. But it may also be important to recognize it makes you feel uncomfortable for now, and then do it anyway. Chances are by noon you will not feel half as self conscious!	episode_done:True
text:I like legitimately don't understand this take at all. When I was younger and much dumber it was "in" to kinda make fun of people who didn't get STEM degrees.   As bad as that take is, it was still like "I think this is a poor life choice" kinda thing. How are you so far up Elon Musk's ass that you think ***all*** art is dumb? And have the gall to be really into something like DnD and not realize the irony.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Thoughts on Shein?	labels:Controversial opinion, but, they aren’t that bad.   Let’s have some empathy for a moment: it is an absolute privilege to be able to shop at a sustainable store and/or to be able to buy secondhand. Imagine being someone who hasn’t bought new to them clothing in years because they can’t afford to and then fast fashion prices are waved in their faces on clothing that fits them and is their style. I’m not going to tell someone to not buy clothing from a place they can afford. I’m absolutely not doing it.   People demonize fast fashion because they look at it as black and white and don’t understand that, if you’re shopping at SHEIN, you likely can’t afford the more sustainable sources/you can’t find what you’re looking for secondhand. I’m plus sized. I can’t fit into and afford a lot of the sustainable brands out there. And, people buy out the “fashionable” plus size items in my local thrift stores to sell on Depop, so, I don’t blame people for shopping on SHEIN.  I’ve bought SHEIN secondhand and I’ve had items for years and I haven’t had any issues. I haven’t bought first hand from them in a long time but when I did, I never had any long shipping times or anything, either. I found the same defects I’d find at Target, like, a long thread here or there that I can easily snip off.   This goes for fast fashion in general—if you take care of your clothes and wear the appropriate size, you can make them last. It’s not like they spontaneously rip apart, you have to do something to make them do that. Steam your clothes to get out wrinkle. Tumble dry, hand wash, etc.
text:This! (No idea why you were downvoted...?)   More trends that may not have been new, but were enormous: puffy sleeves, shirred tops and dresses, 18th century silhouettes in general (chemise anglais!)...	labels:haha maybe because I called yoga pants ‘flared leggings’.
text:What’s on everyone’s Black Friday wishlists?	labels:I decided that working from home needs to be a luxurious experience lol- so I caved and bought a couple of pairs of silk joggers and some cashmere sweaters/ wraps. Still considering cashmere sweatpants from  off 5th saks.
text:Sock It To Me: Novelty Sock Appreciation Post	labels:I have the lemon and chicken ones. I LOVE fun socks and own about 40 pairs of graphic socks. My favorites are yellow with little honey badgers holding a bouquet of flowers. There’s a shop in depoe bay OR called knock your socks off that is awesome!	episode_done:True
text:In Honor of RBG, What is your Dissent piece?	labels:My workplace has a smart casual dress code most days, but despite that, the CEO once pointedly told me that she’d attended a seminar that said women should never wear florals or animal prints in the office. I was wearing an extremely work appropriate black blouse with a leopard print Peter Pan collar. I now wear it to all of my performance reviews and other serious discussions lmao.	episode_done:True
text:Where do you get good quality, legit wool sweaters that won't rip/shrink after washing?	labels:Check out soak detergent for handwashing sweaters. But personally I like Lord and Taylor cashmere. At the end of the season it goes in deep sale. Also easy to find secondhand.
text:Changing your mindset from fast fashion to one of investment pieces. What did you learn?	labels:My new year's resolution is to only buy (at most) one new piece of clothing per month. I have a pretty well-stocked closet, but I also don't love most of my clothes. I did too much stress shopping because of Covid, and spent more money than I needed to on mostly cheaper clothes, and I made this resolution to help change my mindset about shopping.  With my resolution, I'm not even looking at outlets of other cheaper stores. Yes, it is still hard to stomach spending more money on clothes, but after I've had an item in my cart for a couple days and feel certain that it's the one new thing I want to get for the month, it has been easier for me. It  has also forced me to be much more thoughtful about what I need. We'll see how the rest of the year goes!  I think that thrifting can (obviously) be great, but it can be a lot easier to buy things that you don't love because they are great pieces that just don't work for you.	episode_done:True
text:Wardrobe Problems: Separates	labels:This is me with cardigans.  I have an overflowing wardrobe and then two cardigans (well three, just bought one).	episode_done:True
text:Those dresses are so cute! They look crazy comfy too.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What’s a fashion rule you defy (dressing for your shape, weird color combos, interesting silhouettes etc) that you just love?	labels:Oversized on oversized. Lately i like pairing oversized shackets with wide leg or baggy jeans. Maybe it overwhelms my frame but I think it’s cool. Maybe I just look like a bag woman.
text:Casual Wool Trousers	labels:Any ID on quilted sweatshirt in pic#13?	episode_done:True
text:Books on Fashion	labels:Deluxe, How Luxury Lost It's Lustre, by Dana Thomas - really recommend!  The Jimmy Choo Story, by Lauren Goldstein	episode_done:True
text:I don’t think I’d even notice if someone was wearing a watch to be completely honest	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Can you have a clothing style without actually wearing that certain style much?	labels:I think if you find a style appealing but don't actually wear it, it's not technically your style. Like I really appreciate romantic styles with volume, lace, ruffles, drama, etc but I rare wear clothes that could be described as romantic because it doesn't feel appropriate for work. I wouldn't describe my style as romantic, despite window shopping on the Oscar de la Renta site a lot.   But! I also don't really put a lot of thought into what my style is or what I think it is - I wear what makes me happy. While I do find value in expressing my personality in clothes, I try not to get too caught up in what it means or this mindset that if my style changes, who I am as a person changes.  I think your situation is different because you live at home and don't have quite as much freedom to choose what you can wear, so that gets a pass. It's quite possible that if you had the ability and freedom to wear what you wanted, you'd wear more alternative clothing.	episode_done:True
text:How do you handle budget increases when it comes to clothes? (ex. going from student to working professional)	labels:I had a career and location change where I had a lot more disposable income than before and I definitely overspent on clothing/shoes/bags I didn’t need. It’s weird because it’s something I never did when I made less money. This years focus is to pay off debt and sell items I’m not actually using or don’t actually love. And stick to my budget on mint.com.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 30, 2020	labels:Any of y’all have experience with Marni mohair sweaters ? I’ve been eyeing them for a while and one popped up for a very good price (retail is insane). Is the quality/feel similiar to something like an acne studios knit ? This would be my first piece from them.	episode_done:True
text:I've got some great deals as a buyer and now I'm dipping into selling, just to get rid of some old stuff without having to dump it at a thrift store where I know it will probably be thrown away.   The wholesalers have ruined the site, I feel like it's impossible to discover new brands, since if you don't type in a specific brand the results are almost all shitty wholesalers selling crap.   Ha there is wayyyy too much merchandise on both of those sites, I might never have to buy new clothing ever again! It's shocking how wasteful the clothing industry has become.	labels:Go to the filters and the Boutique and Closet option. Choose closet only, it takes away all the crappy wholesale stuff.	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Food Inspired	labels:14 -17 really went all-in on the theme and I love it
text:Caruso Fall/Winter 2020	labels:Very interesting seeing a traditional Italian tailoring house adopt styling like this. I’m into it.	episode_done:True
text:Why It's Important to have a Style POV & Desired Aesthetic	labels:I only skimmed this (I do enjoy reading your posts, just on a lunch break and today's a long day) but I can totally get so much of it. It's only been recently that I've really gotten what I want to look like, and it really is great to not feel tied down by what "works" in a traditional sense. Sometimes there are more meh days and such but the fun for me has been getting to the look that I want to see myself in, and it has really helped me feel more confident and not like I'm just wearing a costume. Though that isn't to say my days arent frequently pretty basic, but even then there's always a piece in an outfit that I wanted there to be, whether it's a specific shirt that I like the pattern, or how a specific bracelet goes with my colors.  Though I will add something, I do find it quite frustrating when someone asks me for advice. Not because I don't like helping people with clothes (I quite love it sometimes), but because a lot of these people don't know what they want to look like and while I *can* dress them it's not really *them*.
text:Love this idea! I have been planning on doing a personal photo fashion show of what's in my closet. I haven't done it yet, but this will help me narrow down my list of things to try on.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Aimé Leon Dore	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Drake's Collection One, 2021 Lookbook	labels:Drake's lookbooks are always amazing. I want to hang out with this group of friends.	episode_done:True
text:Synthetics in Our Wardrobe	labels:Rayon is made from cellulose, a plant based fibre  While yes, polyester is a synthetic   It seemd the less synthetics worn and used the better, as yes fibre shedding in the wash is an issue.  It is proven, that synthetics will grow a bacterium, that cottons, linen, wools, canvas etc will not. So you need to wash synthetics more. As everyone knows from gym clothes and swimwear.  Plus the cling and static of synthetics not so nice.  Also synthetics textiles used for so many textile things around us daily life, that aren’t clothing, but were we are adding them in rubbish all the time and they pollution, and materials that won’t breakdown.  So choosing more natural fibre clothing helps balance out our excess use of synthetic fibres in day to day life, and feels better on body.
text:I'm normally very frugal but this year gets a hard pass on spending. I only look at my CC statement to make sure I am not getting rooked on double charges and the like....but the total is hard to look at....and a lot of that is on things like shorts and shirts and things and I rode through the desert on a horse with no name...it felt good to be out of the rain.  Oof. I mean I can easily afford the spending but it feels weird.	labels:That comment made me snort out loud. Thanks!	episode_done:True
text:Is anyone else intimidated by maximalism? I love it, but how do you do it?	labels:I wear bold colours and colorblock in summer mostly. One rule of the thumb seems to be the exact contrary of minalism. There it says, always remove one accessory, there it will be always add one more accesssory / colour / trend.	episode_done:True
text:Demna Gvasalia’s pens an essay on appropriation and luxury fashion for Re-Edition Magazine’s upcoming Issue 14	labels:(It's actually worth reading the scribble.)	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday- Call for Submission	labels:Tis the season, have to dress up like a holiday everyday. What holiday would you choose?  If you took a pill, you could either finally achieve the final pinnacle mood of fashion. Or just end up in your worst clothing nightmare. Its a 50/50 chance. What would you do?  If there was an accessory that was forever glued on you, what would it be?	episode_done:True
text:Coveteur: An Ode to the Striped Shirt	labels:I have had to ban myself from buying stripes, because otherwise my wardrobe would be essentially nothing *but* stripes. I am instantly attracted to anything with a stripe pattern when approaching a clothing rack.  My favorite is a circa 2011 mid-weight JCrew sweater with exposed half back zip. It is a blocky horizontal stripe with matte black/off-white and has a nice slouchy drape for being kind of a stiff cottony material. I actually bought three more of them on eBay when I noticed my original was starting to fall apart, because I didn't want to be without  😅	episode_done:True
text:Irish wool makes a comeback	labels:I only buy wool clothes, merino, cashmere, anything that actually breathes.	episode_done:True
text:Alexander Wang accused of a history of sexual harassment - fashion in a year of reckoning?	labels:I thought this was old news but it seems to have been buried enough that it's just getting widespread attention now. I learned about it when the video of him dancing to WAP came out. I used to think that certain industries were rife for this sort of thing, but after a career change from arts to STEM I've realized they're all as bad as each other, albeit each with their own twist.   That said - I think fashion and other arts industries (looking at you, publishing) suffer from the issue of having just enough white women and white gay male representation to pat themselves on the back with the energy of a perpetual motion machine and drown out any and all criticism about diversity and representation, regardless of how genuine it may be. And when white people are concentrated at the top of the power hierarchy, it makes intersectional issues that much harder to surface with clarity.   For every person who has been harassed by AW, how many powerful white industry gatekeepers have brushed it off because they think only straight white men can be harassers? (And, of course, when a straight white man turns out to be an abuser they still can't accept it because "he's one of the good ones" or "he just made a mistake one time, it's not fair to ruin his life").  This only starts to get fixed when the industry gives equal respect and attention to the voices of everyone who helps to create it - whether they are a celebrated designer, fashion editor, personal assistant, early career model - anyone. I have plenty of reservations about social media, but the democratizing effect of reaching a huge audience without being beholden to the industry gatekeepers has been a very good thing for issues like these.	episode_done:True
text:I am crying at this comment. I CANNOT stop laughing and rereading this!!! This is great and so is Tillamook cheese. Best snack cheese and ice cream.  Also, I've heard great things about Loft! Gotta try out their clothes whenever I'm back in the office.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Reigning Champ Relaxed Crewneck	labels:I do enjoy RC, but I agree that their hoodies need to have a tighter waist ribbing.	episode_done:True
text:The best of basics: Black Leggings	labels:Honestly lululemon. Find a pair that fit you well and with all the features you want and you’ll never turn back. Leg pockets and waist drawstring for me.
text:Casual Wool Trousers	labels:Has anyone got any recommendations for casual woollen trousers? No crease at the front of the legs and charcoal or dark grey in colour.  Thanks	episode_done:True
text:How to build a style with a limited outlet?	labels:I almost exclusively online shop. I wouldn't say that I am a trend setter or anything, but it is so much easier to look at photos online of people who have the same body shape as me whose fashion I admire, compare those photos to what I have in my closet, and purchase what is missing to make the outfit work all in one place. It sounds like a lot, but I find this so much easier, less anxiety-inducing, and less time consuming than brick-and-mortar shopping. Plus, usually returns are just a drop off somewhere with a digital reciept rather than waiting is line at a customer service counter with a paper receipt that I have lost twice, ripped, and had to tape back together. A little tidbit: the biggest trick to online shopping is to KNOW YOUR MEASUREMENTS!!! A cheap measuring tape works wonders.	episode_done:True
text:What’s the comfiest material you can put in a washing machine without fuss?	labels:Columbia makes super soft and cozy 100% cotton knit sweaters that are machine-washable.   I actually find my merino sweaters faster to hand wash. I use Eucalan, which doesn’t require rinsing. Soak them in the sink with Eucalan for a half hour, wring out, roll in a towel to take downstairs to the drying rack, dry flat. It takes the same amount of time as finding the mesh delicates bags, washing on delicate, being nervous that I’ve ruined them, and drying flat.	episode_done:True
text:Man you just made me wish for something I'd never even considered. Could you imagine an Asian lead in a major franchise like that in the 80's? It's hard to come by an Asian lead in western films today, much less 30 years ago. Every year I hope for more legitimate representation in Hollywood, but progress is slooooow.	labels:I think he meant a grownup Short Round in Crystal Skulls.  &#x200B;  It's also so brilliant it would never happen
text:Does anyone else not factor in pants when creating outfits? How to move away from this?	labels:Ease the transition with chinos, which still have the same sort of feel as jeans but are a step in the direction of "dressier" (please take that with the biggest grain of skepticism, it doesn't even feel right to type).  And then from there, straight-legged or skinny dress pants are just one more step.  I only tend to own my dress pants in black or navy blue, I think I have one single pair of a light grey checkered pattern but I have to be in some kind of mood to wear those.	episode_done:True
text:Jfc can you people tolerate something that doesn’t abide by your Puritan sensibilities. Should we strike all film that has crude language from our cultural cannon? Maybe we can burn some books while where at it.	labels:Lol at not treating your partner like shit and not being a racist being puritan.  You are engaging in calculated sophistry by implying that people are saying the film should be destroyed. People are saying the film should not be enjoyed.  In which context's is it ok to enjoy racism? And if you are not enjoying the film then there is still value there it's just in analysis. You know, like what the article is doing.	episode_done:True
text:For a second lets remove the problematic conversation of looking "gay" or acting "straight", we can circle back to that in a moment.  Lets talk about context and clothes and bad habits we all have. When we start to do something new, we often over correct and this can be problematic in our personal lives. A lot of people will start their style journey and go a bit too fast and a bit too hard, styling themselves for an aspirational goal or lifestyle and ignoring where they are and what they're doing. Obviously you should dress how yourself however you feel, but then you've got to be willing to deal with people's reactions to your choices. So what do you do? Making sure your clothes aren't sending a message that doesn't vibe with the rest of your situation. You're 19 and wearing a tan blazer for a kickback with your friends, that's a bold look. In fact wearing a sports coat is super hard to do nowadays in a casual setting, it's almost immediately assumed to be "dressed up". Your peer group might not understand your new interest, but keep at it and being a little bit more stylish will become your thing. I still get teased for how much I like clothing, the number of shoes in the shoe rack, knits in the drawers - wearing chinos when everyone else is wearing sweatpants - that's life.  Now...I want to be really clear about this: There's no correct way to be Gay or Straight, a person's mannerisms, voice, personality, clothing is not dictated by their sexuality. The sooner you come to accept and understand that, the easier ride you're going to have in life and you'll be a better person. Neither is there anything wrong with being assumed to be gay, straight, bisexual, trans, queer, etc. it speaks to the other person more than it speaks to you. Be an Ally.   Finally, I understand that the world isn't awesome and that in some situations it can be dangerous for someone to think you're anything other than Straight. If you're in that situation, or around those people...stop, find new people, find new situations.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Rick Owens Wearing Rick Owens	labels:I don't own a single piece of his clothing, and I probably never will, but one of the quotes attributed to him that really stuck with me when I first started browsing mfa was "No outfit is going to make you look or feel as good as having a fit body. Buy less clothing and go to the gym instead." He was right.
text:Demna Gvasalia’s pens an essay on appropriation and luxury fashion for Re-Edition Magazine’s upcoming Issue 14	labels:Bruh I’m not reading script, someone type this out
text:General Discussion - November 20, 2020	labels:Almost shit my pants at work AMA
text:I just wanna get big enough that I can make a brim work. Sames man	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme Challenge Announcement: Workwear!	labels:hehe, more like WERKwear amirite^sorry^^I'll^^^leave^^^now^^^^.
text:Fashion Resolutions and Goals: 2021 Edition	labels:One small one I have to buy less accessories (mostly jewelry) from larger retailers and instead try to purchase from Etsy shops and other small businesses.	episode_done:True
text:His Risa vacation attire features particularly plunging necklines.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Brown and Olive: Color Combination Series	labels:Ah the Seth rogen look	episode_done:True
text:What are your feelings on thrifting from “problematic” brands?	labels:The company already made money off of the original purchase of the shirt, so you buying second hand doesn’t really benefit them in any way. If you really want the item, buying it second hand is probably the most ethical choice you can make. If someone asks where the piece is from, just say you don’t know so they won’t be tempted to buy from the brand lol
text:I recommend going to proper glasses store and talking to the product experts.  > a bit of curve so that I am shielded from the sides.  Unfortunately most, if not all, glasses that curve around to protect the sides are in that sports style. There are sunglasses out there with side shields, but they're mostly novelty.   >I have an oval face-shape.  Matching glasses to face-shape is mostly a myth, there's no way to tell how glasses will look on you until you try them on.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I love heavy knits, I have way too many. I hear you, even though I'm in Southern Ontario.  It's 8 degrees (46) here, and all my windows are open so I don't sweat too much in my North Sea Clothing Diver.	labels:I have a lot of knits too. Cardigans, crewneck, turtleneck. I even recently got a 10 ply SEH Kelly crewneck that was said to wear only on the coldest days... It is shit that the temperature keeps rising over the years. :(
text:What's your favorite kind of novelty clothing?	labels:silly earrings! my favorite are a pair of tacky wooden cats wearing sunglasses in vibrant '90s colors. thrifted, ofc. they're like 4 inches long, super lightweight, ridiculous, and wonderful. they get many compliments.
text:"I want to dress better than my peers, but not in a way that is noticed" - Lurkers  I'm 99% sure there is some weird sexism behind this too. Like, *women* are supposed to notice if you "put in effort", but your cool male peers should not think you care about something girly like how you dress. Most of these lurkers post in various TRP-adjacent subs, so that fits.	labels:>	Most of these lurkers post in various TRP-adjacent subs, so that fits.  Mfa is pretty much the only sub I frequent nowadays, kinda forget how large Reddit is and how many communities promote absolute dogshit. The sexism angle really makes a lot of sense
text:Hats and how to wear them	labels:I wear beanies and baseball caps a lot. I leave them on inside usually (usually my hair get messed up by the hat, so I actively avoid taking them off). I know my grandparents used to have a rule about no hats at the dining table, so I’d take mine off then (this was when I was a kid and had a sunhat - it was also impolite to put your hat on the table even if there was room).   I want a bucket hat but haven’t found one I like yet!	episode_done:True
text:I have MasterClass, I’ll for sure watch it and report back. I already know my style sense, but, I’ll definitely report about it.	labels:Thank you!	episode_done:True
text:You pretty much summed it up, I honestly don’t think they’re bad for basics, slightly more variety than uniqlo for a comparable price	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Inspo for sure would be great, I’d love to see that	labels:Plymouth-core	episode_done:True
text:Honestly I wouldn't unless your sure they'll enjoy it. Even if you think they would be interested you should still casually show them the brand and talk about raw denim a bit to see if they are interested.	labels:Agreed. Sounds like a terrible gift for someone not into clothing	episode_done:True
text:If the squeak is from your socks rubbing against the inside of the boot, you can just dust a small amount of baby powder to remedy it. However this doesn't help if the squeak is from between footbed, midsole and the sole.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:ModCloth Returns to “Independent” Ownership	labels:I loved Modcloth, I bought most of my clothes from there. After the Walmart take over I ordered two dresses to test the waters. The zippers were made out of plastic and broke right away, the stitching was off and both dresses were really underwhelming in person.  I was tempted and ordered a sweatshirt on sale a few months ago and it was made out of the worst and cheapest feeling fabric I've ever encountered. In their defense, they refunded me for all three of the items. I just don't think they're worth another shot.	episode_done:True
text:Also imagine dunking on yourself that hard  "People without style like our products" is another read of their statement, basically.	labels:It's not saying that, but, it isn't too far removed. My takeaway is more that "our products aren't desirable enough on their own to maintain secondhand/resale value, we have to artificially increase demand to synthesize an air of exclusivity".   It's really not unqiue to Chanel as a luxury/elite product producer, but they are more notable than other designers in the (silly) lengths they go to protect their brand image. That said, I'm not a lawyer, and I kinda doubt they are a monopoly, so I guess we'll have to see	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 19	labels:Closing the whole country down again for 17 days from Friday. No social mixing permitted at all, only essential shops and services to stay open. Welp.	episode_done:True
text:Tips for easily looking more modern/in style?	labels:I would recommend updating your "fashion basics" like plain t-shirts and jeans first because then more unique pieces will just look unique, not outdated. For instance, consider a black t-shirt with jeans. Ten ish years ago you might have a vneck tshirt and boot cut mid wash jeans, five years ago probably skinny jeans in a darker wash and a slim crew neck, and now maybe a square neck bodysuit with light wash straight jeans. But on the other hand if you have some kind of, I don't know, cool bomber jacket, it doesn't really look out of date especially because thrifting is in right now.	episode_done:True
text:What are the Luxury IT Bags right now? And which ones are actually worth the $?	labels:The #1 It bag right now is the Prada Re-Edition. Because of that, you will be seeing a lot of nylon and half-moon shaped shoulder bags over the next few months. Bag trends go in and out pretty quickly, so it is much more important to pick one that you really love (especially when you are dropping that kind of money!). The Dior Saddle Bag is an older bag style that they brought back in and saw a huge resurgence in popularity. It's not as trendy as it was when they reintroduced it, but it looks pretty likely to stick around as a staple style for the brand. Dior has been getting more expensive recently. The price doesn't really reflect the quality (the quality is just as nice as many luxury brands with lower price points), so you are really paying for the brand.
text:Permanent Style - Tucked in T-Shirt	labels:IMO definitely works better if you have an athletic body	episode_done:True
text:Top of WAYWT - July 2020	labels: #4 is boss fight material.	episode_done:True
text:I can confirm that I have been *that guy* before.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Eaton's Center? I was curious about the collection but it looked like everything was sold out online the day of the release. The location I live close to doesn't usually get the exclusive collaborations in store.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: the Festival of Clothing	labels:Why, let me tell you about these leggings I’m wearing! They are fast fashion, so I found myself very perplexed when they didn’t dissolve in my washing machine upon first wash. I’ve had to wear them two times now, and let me tell you, if all my clothes start lasting this long I’m going to run out of closet space pretty darn quick hehehe!	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Pockets in Women's Clothing	labels:One giant pocket over each boob! I love nothing more than unsolicited male attention and anything to further attract gaze to the gazongas is much appreciated. I think this could also be a fun revolution in expanding the normal range of breast silhouettes from round (boring) to whatever shape occurs when I toss my iPhone triple X max plus and 17 chapsticks into my boob pockets.
text:I actually hate my Ruggable. I love the design, but it is horrible for a house with dogs that shed a lot. The only way I’ve found to get hair out of the rug is to get down and scrape it with my hands. Since using the vacuum with the brush (which would normally loosen hair) separates it from the Velcro and causes it to wrinkle, it’s impossible. Also, the edges are always rolling up.   Ok, end rant!	labels:Yeah the edges roll up like crazy on mine. And they are so flat, like zero plush at all. I do really like their designs though.	episode_done:True
text:For Veterans Day (US): Military-Inspired Inspo	labels:What are the pants in #3?	episode_done:True
text:20 Sweaters for Less Than $150, So You Can Achieve Peak Coziness - Esquire.com	labels:Just go on grailed, therealreal, and ebay and you'll find a bunch of quality knits.	episode_done:True
text:Clarks Released a "Desert Boot 2" - They Look Pretty Nice, What does Everybody Think?	labels:Need a ocbd 2
text:General Discussion - January 05, 2021	labels:Framing pictures is SO EXPENSIVE. I have some nice vintage fashion and design prints I'd like to frame, but I didn't realize it would cost me so much. Decorating was the real flex all along
text:>crocs   Lol if you compare it with crocs I would definetly not get it...I am just trying to understand as to why people think it's not fashionable or dorky/nerdy? I am not saying it is or isn't, but I definetly don't want to come as this scinecy/bookwarm/fashionista type  and tbh I am not that bothered from sun, like I hate it sure, but never had a sunglass and never really complained, so technically I can buy prescription sunglasses, just want to know as to why so many people think it's nerdy/dorky exaclty	labels:Weird, I’ve also found them weird most of my life. I can’t quite describe why I think they’re dorky but I will say that most people I see wearing transitions just aren’t very fashionable people. To stereotype a bit, these people mostly fall under the dorky/nerdy types and tend to be older people as well.  Of course, it could simply be that people who like transition glasses tend to be less concerned about appearances and value functionality more. If you’re confident about your overall look, I don’t think transition glasses would look bad at all.   Now if you’re a so-so or horrible dresser, transition glasses become more of an eye sore.	episode_done:True
text:love you <3 hope to talk to you soon!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Street style	labels:I really like combining my jeans with vintage sweaters and sweatshirts. Also I like the combination of plain turtleneck and fun patterned pants :) by the way I have an Instagram where I take pictures of cool styles I see on the street, it’s @adoquinculture if you want to take a look for inspo. Also Pinterest is great if you haven’t used it yet.	episode_done:True
text:Can You Wear a T-Shirt Under a Blazer and Not Look Like an 1980s Leftover?	labels:This look working is dependent on a couple of things. The fit of the shirt and the jacket has to be on point. The fabric of the t-shirt should be higher-end cotton or similar material, can't be your run of the mill t-shirt. Most importantly though is the person wearing it, you've gotta be in shape to pull this look off or you look like a sloppy neckbeard.	episode_done:True
text:Marilyn Monroe: Casual Style and Dressing for Men	labels:Interesting article, definitely put Marilyn Monroe in a different light for me.  I think her point in the second paragraph about the need for a distinct relationship between the body and clothing is worth further discussion. Recently I have noticed that some of the more interesting pieces on the runway for me are the ones that move with the body or play on the different silhouettes/proportions of the model so it does seem like there’s some merit in atleast this point of her response though I don’t know if this is what she intended.  I don’t know if I currently incorporate this concept into my own wardrobe though, maybe subconsciously but I’m not sure how I would go intentionally thinking about it
text:What ultimate-splurge fashion item would you buy to reward yourself for achieving a big milestone?	labels:I usually buy solid gold jewelry. Something timeless that will last forever and I'll wear forever. My most recent purchase was a pair of simple 45mm 14k gold hoops.
text:I’ve also inherited cashmere sweaters in all different colours. My grandma loved turtlenecks though so that’s the only format. On the plus side they don’t have any holes and they fit me just fine.  When I was younger and she gave them to me she would go on about how great the quality was in those sweaters. I, knowing nothing about quality clothing being a teenager, just nodded along and shrugged. Now when I’m older and seen the prizes for new quality cashmere, I feel a lot more appreciative. I’ve made it a point to thrift non-turtleneck cashmere sweaters though.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Are you consigning HE stuff? I don’t trust it on resale sites (looking at you Poshmark) because so many have trash authentication services.  But Aritzia wouldn’t be a resale price point I care that much about if it somehow ended up fake. And I’d probably be looking for a very specific item then anyway.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Many makers will allow you to buy mismatched pairs. Contact the company directly to ask.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:DIY. Carry-on/weekender leather duffle bag	labels:The bag looks really really good. Wish there were more pictures of it.	episode_done:True
text:Darling, adidas does not just manufacture all stars... look at the yeezy part...	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I'm also short and love a midi. I love them for practical reasons (maxis annoy me with all the fabric around my ankles, while I fear wardrobe malfunctions with shorter dresses) but I think they look pretty chic too. I just buy mine from brands that actually sell petite sizes to make sure the proportions are right.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What does your shoe wardrobe look like? What are your shoe essentials?	labels:2 pairs of hiking boots  2 pairs of low-heeled black booties  1 pair tie-dye keens  4 pairs Birkenstock’s  1 pair absurd platform heels I’ve only worn once  1 pair 4-inch pointy-toe pumps I tried to wear to court once and almost died in  1 pair low-heeled sling back Rockport pumps that I ACTUALLY wear to court now  Running shoes  1 pair “cute” tennis shoes that I can wear to work  Several pairs sanuks   3 pairs of Dansko Mary Janes   1 pair fancy sandals	episode_done:True
text:I haven’t shopped at Lululemon in years (seriously, probably 8 yrs) & I always loved the brand, but fell off the athleisure train.  I went online to order a pair of high rise, plain black, full length leggings hopefully slimming & the product ratings were just so bad that it surprised me and deterred me!  Do you have a specific style that you recommend?!	labels:This question is so subjective! R/lululemon should help you out if you know what you’re looking for in a legging. Aligns are very popular, I love them they don’t slide down and are very smooth, however the quality isn’t as great. Wonder unders are popular too but they come in two fabrics that are very different from one another so you need to watch for that. The ones mentioned above with the side pocket and draw string are invigorates I like these but I find they slide down.
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge: Single Origin - Submissions!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I started typing out my answer, then realized it’s exactly the same 😅  Sometimes you just need more socks!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Spring/Summer trends: Dresses	labels:Good bye cold shoulder, hello cold torso!
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 18, 2020	labels:I recently bought several items for my bf from American Giant. I have to say, I am very disappointed. Not only were all the sweatpants out of stock in sizes under XL, their customer service is awful. I expected delays because of COVID and the holiday season, but I placed my order on Dec 7 and it still hadn't even been processed (packed up), yet alone sent. I have sent 3 emails, none of which have gotten a response. They also took their phone number off their website (but I found it on google). Additionally, they automatically imposed a 40USD customs fee on my order (I live outside the US), even though the order was under the customs limit (150USD).   I am so annoyed with the lack of communication and the huge delays even though their website promised delivery by Christmas. I almost feel like cancelling my order. Has anyone had experience with this?	episode_done:True
text:Are jean shorts on men really that bad?	labels:I don't think they look bad, I just find the concept weird.  It's summer, it's hot so you're wearing shorts, but the shorts are made from denim which is a hot and sweaty material. It's an oxymoron to me, like have you got your legs out to stay cool or have you got the denim on to stay warm? What's going on here?
text:How to combine colors	labels:The easiest thing one can do is to just look at online clothes shops or catalogs. Look at how the outfits are put together with other colors. Also, if your primary goal is to see which colors match, don't limit yourself to looking at male clothes, women's section are often bigger if not more extensive than the men's selection; thus they're bound to have larger varieties of color coordinations. The H&M website is good one, since they often show the whole model head to toe.	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: The Fun Coats Club	labels:I live in Minnesota so I also know cold! At the liquor store today I saw a woman wearing a wool coat that was divine. It was a cream and VIBRANT LILAC buffalo check print wool coat with a big thick collar and it went down to her knees. It was absolute perfection and I wish I would have stopped her to ask where it was from. Ideal winter coat.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 03, 2020	labels:What happened to Thomas Pink / Pink Shirtmaker?	episode_done:True
text:What are your thoughts on outfit repeating multiple days in a row?	labels:I don’t do it consecutively because it’s too eye catching and people conclude all sorts of things (incl. you spent the night elsewhere and never returned home) and also I find it a bit boring to wear the same thing two days in a row when I have an audience of people observing my dress. But I will like wear the same outfit later in the week absolutely, or mix say a Monday pant into a Thursday outfit or a Tuesday top into a Friday outfit. My work “capsule” wardrobe is very limited because I wanted to have nice things for my job but not buy too many things.  On the weekends, I’ve been known to wear the same outfit Saturday and Sunday for sure but I don’t typically see the same people/go to the same places on both days  I think most people innately crave identity and variety especially if fashion is something that they enjoy. Not everyone need be that way though, and I encourage you to do whatever works best for you, even if you buy 5 of the same outfit and wear it exclusively all week, every week - that can be a look and a statement too	episode_done:True
text:That sweater sounds amazing.  source: am mom.	labels:I really didn't appreciate her taste enough. One thing I did steal from her were a pair of earrings that are just dangling wooden parrots. I did like her Christmas party uniform, which was a long navy dress, a cream colored military style jacket, and block heeled sling backs.  The 90s really were a trip.
text:Spring/Summer trends: Dresses	labels:Woof, I’m not into these looks at all, but thanks for compiling! The puff sleeve + pilgrim collar + tiered prairie look is really giving me polygamist cult vibes. 😵   I also think the side cutouts just look toooo trendy and juvenile, but maybe I’m just getting old. Some of the back cutouts are cool though.  I strongly prefer cleaner lines and more sculptural silhouettes as opposed to the poofy, frilly silhouettes happening here. I wish prints were trendier though! I like the silhouettes of the more minimalist dresses, but the colors are soooo boring. I love a dress that has a simple shape but has a fun print or cool texture or interesting details like embroidery.
text:Inspo Album: Texture!	labels:Yes, yes, everything yes. Love it	episode_done:True
text:My spouse grew up and went through the US education system. A decent--for NYC--public school. It is *shockingly* bad all around, but especially so where US history is concerned. America is always the good guy, civilizing the natives, spreading democracy worldwide, blah blah blah. Really opened my eyes to how bad things are in poorer regions, schools with even less funding and resources, etc.  /u/badger0511 is right about collegiate education, but that mostly has to do with professors actually knowing their shit and trying to teach history properly rather than spreading propaganda. And that's why Republicans absolutely loathe higher-ed and have waged war on it since Reagan's time.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:WAYWT - November 23, 2020	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Black > navy, don't @ me	labels:I like navy but I can't get around the feeling that it's a "default" clothing color. It almost feels subversive to wear black instead	episode_done:True
text:Books on Fashion	labels:I didn’t know I needed this topic until now. Will be saving them all!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 03, 2020	labels:So, it turns out “””Escape Room””” is not a genre but more akin to a quirk of spotify’s algorithm that just so happened to coincide with a handful of artists I don’t remember listening to this year. Basically they analyze not just the genre of the artists you listen to, but what also what artists you listen to together, and I guess break it down into the smallest bubble of artists that other people also listen to together and ig just give it a random name for categorial purposes...which is not how you fucking define a genre and leads to weird shit like Xiu Xiu, Aphex Twin, and ASAP Ferg being in the same “”””genre””””, but, whatever, mildly interesting peak under the hood of the machine, and my friend got “city building pop” so I guess it could be more bs  In other news, anyone else feel like beginning of the year was weighed a lot more heavily than the end? I feel like my own recollection of what I listened to diverged from Spotify’s account around the start of summer.  ~~and if you didn’t take The Brave Little Abacus down for 5 months it would have been in my top 5~~	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: The Most Important Item in your Shopping Cart	labels:This thread is brought to you by the $600 dress I purchased to get out of paying $8 in shipping.   There just wasn't anything else I wanted at the store, okay?????????
text:What am I supposed to do with my head post-chemo?	labels:I’ve found when the hair grows back it’s akin to a babys first hair. After some months to a year your hair should return to its normal traits.	episode_done:True
text:No he seriously needs to see this. /u/kamotejoe	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 03, 2021	labels:Did we already get the results of the Best of 2020 thread?
text:Do you have a childhood fashion icon? If so, does their influence show up in your wardrobe today?	labels:The first time I remember being aware of fashion was when I was obsessed with Harriet’s outfits from the Harriet The Spy movie. I was 9 when the movie came out. I still love a good striped shirt and I dress pretty casually, haha. My teen years were shaped by the Olsen twins boho style. I still keep some boho influences and still pin recent outfits of theirs as inspiration.	episode_done:True
text:What are you hate wearing?	labels:Uggs. They’re hideous and I love (hate) them.
text:As I wait to hear if I have to evacuate due to CA wildfires, here’s a hypothetical I had to do: you have time to prepare before your evacuation and pack up your car. What clothes do you bring and why?	labels:sneakers, tons of undies, and lots of socks, bra  Every spring I pack a "basement bag". In case we have a tornado and have to go to the basement for shelter and our house gets obliterated I want a bag of essentials so we can be mildly clean. I mainly focus on underclothes and always a pair of sneakers. The idea of navigating a disaster in flip flops or anything but sneakers sounds awful to me. I try and throw clothes in that can be worn in public or around the house, so nothing too ratty. I'd also suggest a pair of work gloves in case you have to handle anything. I guess I'm not sure how life works during a fire disaster. Is it like a  tornado where if you get flattened then you're focusing on clean up? What about work? If you have work clothes consider packing an outfit or two in case you have to go into work. I'm sorry you have this stress to deal with, how scary it all must be. Wishing you all the best :)	episode_done:True
text:Menswear I Drool Over: FW/2020 Part I	labels:Oh. You're serious.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 15, 2021	labels:A question about cotton/modal blend undershirts:  I used to buy the **Hanes** Comfort Fit Ultra Soft Cotton/Modal undershirts, and they were OK.  A little while ago, I picked up a few **Goodfellow** brand cotton/modal/spandex blend undershirts from Target on a whim, and they were much better than the ones from Hanes. Softer feel, but still thick enough to wear around the house, and longer than the Hanes shirts so they stay tucked in better. My only complaint was that the V-neck wasn't very deep, so it would often show when I left the top button of my shirt unbuttoned. I can't really wear them with casual and camp collar shirts.  Recently I haven't been able to find the Goodfellow modal-blend undershirts at Target (only 100% cotton), but I'm reluctant to go back to the Hanes ones now that I've tasted this luxury.  I've looked at the **David Archy** modal undershirts, because I have some of their boxer briefs and find them very comfortable, but they are a 92% Modal, 8% Spandex blend and the reviews suggest they leave nothing to the imagination.  I'm also looking the **Uniqlo** "Dry" V-neck short-sleeve shirts. However I already have two Uniqlo "Airism" undershirts, and they are so thin they are nearly sheer. I don't really feel comfortable wearing them without another layer.  Are there any other cotton/modal (or similar) blend shirts that you'd recommend? My personal preferences are:  * Ideally less than $10 each * Soft and moisture-wicking fabric, not 100% cotton * V-neck deep enough to leave one button open without the undershirt being visible * Not too thin and revealing  Thanks!	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 17, 2020	labels:Do you think Flannel shirts are a must? And if so why??  I'm a 27 year old guy, mostly wearing hoodies, since, well it seems to be the only thing that i can wear without looking weird, but i noticed nearly everyone has a flannel shirt.
text:How do you style your existing wardrobe in a way that doesn’t get boring?	labels:Shoes and other accessories can be much cheaper to own and can completely change the vibe of an outfit. A different pair of shoes alone can take basically the same outfit from grandpa-core to vintage feminine to streetwear. For example I have pretty basic black cotton blend dress that I can wear with platform sneakers for a streetwear look, with flats or booties with pearl or diamond earrings for a "classy casual extra feminine" daytime look, and thigh high boots and berry lipstick for a "baddie" look on a night out.  Jewelry, makeup, and shoes are just fun easy ways to play with being someone else for a day without own multiple different sets of actual clothing. In my experience costume jewelry and second-hand or outlet retail shoes (like from places like TJ Maxx, Ross, Burlington, etc.) hold up much better for the lower prices than fast fashion fabrics do. So I like to get quality clothing and basic accessories, but then have cheaper more "out there" accessories/stuff for variety and experimental/trendy moments.  That ends up being way cheaper and more sustainable than buying a new top or skirt that will fall apart or be out of style in a year every time I want to feel different for a little bit. A change in hair and makeup is even cheaper and more sustainable because often you can use the same products, but just with different techniques/styles.	episode_done:True
text:Jil Sander, the Queen of Minimalism, Is Restarting Her Collaboration With Uniqlo - +J Redux	labels:oooh I can't wait to see the cashmere!	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: The Most Important Item in your Shopping Cart	labels:A bitchin’ dinosaur costume for my guinea pig.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 30, 2020	labels:<rant>  If I said "Wear cropped jackets so you look taller" I'd be laughed out of the room but somehow "Short people shouldn't wear long coats" is a valid thing?   Also what's defined as short? If someone is 5'7" do they get to wear long coats? What if they're 5'7.5"??  It also throws the idea out the window of the whole horizontal breaks thing that people complain about for cropped trousers or high-waisted pants. Suddenly you have a wonderful garment type that can give you long, **tall**, and elegant lines and it's impossible to wear.   People complain all the damn time about menswear being too "restrictive" and women's wear being more "exciting" but everyone is too much of a wimp to wear a ~ L O N G C O A T ~.  I fucking hate fashion "rules" and "guidelines" and literally everything having to do with the word "flattering". If you care so much about these gender norms, masculinity and being ~ flattering ~ then sack up and wear the clothes you like.   That whole thread is just people saying that someone else told them they couldn't *wear a coat* so what should they do? Oh idk. How about tell them to fuck off and wear the damn coat.  </rant>
text:In Honor of RBG, What is your Dissent piece?	labels:In my last company I was given feedback that perhaps I should wear less jewelry when I went to head office in Germany. I loved my daily wear gold jewelry, and it was not too much by any stretch of the imagination. Just simple gold hoops, larger woven gold ring, two gold bracelets, and a metal watch. No gems, only the one ring, simple hoops. But apparently too much at HQ office   So every time from then on I wore a bigger pair of hoops and a necklace plus everything else. To hell with them.	episode_done:True
text:What’s some of the best general advice you’d give to someone new to female fashion?	labels:If you're a goth girl -- who do you listen to and how do they dress?	episode_done:True
text:I Dyed My Jeans With $6 Dye and Here Are The Results	labels:This is so great! I’ve had a system for years now where, if I’m considering donating clothes *only because I don’t like the color,* but the fit is ok, I try dyeing them to see if my mind changes. It’s a cheap and fun alternative to replacing clothes that fit me fine but that I just never wear	episode_done:True
text:What are your favorite bags at the moment?	labels:I have a Chloe Mini Faye Day and the LV Palm Springs Mini in reverse mono. I love them both to death and the PSM fits a lot more than you would expect. It’s super casual and cute	episode_done:True
text:I feel the same way, I'm bewildered at so many people finding ALL pants uncomfortable.   The only thing I can think of is that they're either wearing the wrong style (I vastly prefer super high rise. midrise and lowrise cut me across the stomach in an uncomfortable way, unless they're a size too big), the wrong size (too small jeans WILL be terrible, especially 100% cotton), or they have sensory or digestive issues/stomach sensitivity.	labels:SQUEEGEE!!! -Tookie Clothespin	episode_done:True
text:Your Chore Coat Isn’t Up to the Task	labels:I don’t necessarily agree but this but killed me.  >	At one point, the chore jacket was a necessary invention to hold the wrenches and screwdrivers that welded our capitalist society together. Ironically, it’s now become a uniform for the people who benefit most from capitalism: white dudes with office jobs and 401(k)s who use the pockets for PAX vapes, power bricks and cashless leather card holders.
text:Also 36 and you summed up how I feel exactly.   I moved from a big city to a smaller blue collar city a few years ago, around the same time I had my first kid. Balancing my style with my surroundings and the demands of being a Dad is super tough. I always felt too dressed up at school drop offs etc. And I always question if I'm trying too hard.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How many handbags do you have and which one is your most used?	labels:I have 11 and one is a Kate Spade velvet bag, two are Dooney & Bourke mini bags, one is a Tory Burch tote bag, one is a Christian Dior, one is a Coach tote and the rest are from independent handbag stores.   I haven’t been out much due to COVID, but when I do have to go out, I usually carry either my Coach tote or my Tory Burch tote.	episode_done:True
text:I can def understand that, it’s a pretty gross show of police bias at best	labels:	episode_done:True
text:FFS just got  direct message of people trying to build a community to fix fit problems or get clicks on something.  There is not ever a one size fit all solution to fit problems. It is not necessarily because somebody is fat (well some people are) or very small or whatever. Try try try stuff, be analytical, all bodies are different, reject 90% or more of what you try. If you want to say something to me, say it here.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Given that I have slightly slanted eyes, hell yea	labels:	episode_done:True
text:At first I read 'that is a trendy way to run businesses into the ground' and I was like 'yep'.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Why even the pandemic couldn’t kill fast fashion	labels:Cuz poeple cant afford $50 fair trade tee shirts and designer jeans while unemployed.
text:Just my personal observations but I think they're trying to pivot a little bit, and moving some deadstock to consolidate their inventory. They just released a field jacket, two winter parkas, and the most knitwear I've seen from them this season. I'm guessing they're trying to hit a bit of the smart-casual demographic instead of relying solely on suits.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Fascinating article: How tariffs can affect clothing design	labels:I had to laugh at the premise. I happen to have that exact Columbia shirt and those "tiny" pockets are big enough to hold a smartphone.   Now if youse will excuse me, I'm going to double down on learning to sew my own stuff now, because this is nuts.	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone else use a “formula” to create their outfits?	labels:i kinda just got with what i know works for me. prioritize colors that make me happy, cuts that make me happy, things that fit right no matter what size it says it is, and comfortable fabrics so i don’t have a sensory issue with irritation.   so i guess my formula is more does this feel right to my needs and less “does this feel like a conventionally good looking outfit”	episode_done:True
text:Dude i just saw this... one last gut punch by 2020	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Return of the Coats: MFA Coat Series #5	labels:I feel kind of outdated still wearing my belstaff but it’s super warm for the limited cold I encounter in a year. These coats are cool	episode_done:True
text:Hand wash only clothes	labels:Depends on the fabric. Wool and silk? You bet that, given their price, I am not putting them into a machine, as I want to have the full control that handwashing provides. Same for my all-time favourite clothes that I couldn't bear to lose. Anything else that says handwashing? Put that in a delicates bag and pop it into the machine and done :)	episode_done:True
text:Green Queens: An Inspo Album	labels:I went on a limb and wore green pants for the first time when I went to take the MAT test a few years ago. I was late, and as I ran to the testing site, I fell and face planted on the sidewalk, ripping a hole in my green pants in the process. I took it as a sign that green pants were not for me. But after seeing this collection, I kinda wanna try again.	episode_done:True
text:Alexander Wang accused of a history of sexual harassment - fashion in a year of reckoning?	labels:I have been hearing these stories about him for a long time (am in the entertainment/fashion industry). I'm surprised it has taken this long for them to come out, and I hope outlets other than Diet Prada begin to cover this story.	episode_done:True
text:Neo and Trinity both. I simultaneously had a crush on both of them but also wanted to be them.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I need help with getting rid of clothes	labels:If you have the space to store your current wardrobe, then my advice to you is simply not to pressure yourself into getting rid of clothing that you're not comfortable getting rid of.  Minimalistic wardrobes are not for everybody, and you certainly wouldn't be helping anything if you were to throw away those clothes only to end up  buying replacements later.     Take the clothes that you don't think you need and set them aside, maybe in a box or the very back of your closet, and keep only your 'minimalist wardrobe' in the easily accessible location.  If, after a year, you find that you didn't really miss anything from the old collection of clothes, you won't feel as hesitant about getting rid of them.  If you have to dig a few things out of your stash, just keep them.  If you find that you've completely ransacked your stash over the course of a year, and ended up wearing everything you didn't think you needed, then, well... maybe minimalism isn't for you.	episode_done:True
text:Task Rabbit, Meet Chore Coat	labels:imo this article is incomplete without mentioning the Universal Works Bakers Jacket.  Or Vetra, for that matter.
text:A picture worth a thousand words	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What work for my boyfriends taste and body type?	labels:Tell him to steer clear of Burberry. Im doing him a favor.	episode_done:True
text:I Spent $600 on T-Shirts to Find the Best One	labels:Thanks	episode_done:True
text:What do you carry in your handbag?	labels:Phone (consider the size of your phone if you’re going to utilize dedicated phone pockets on the bag or even just going for a very small bag. Now that I’m thinking about it, I don’t know that my current phone would fit in my WOC), keys, wallet, pill case, eye drops (more so if I’m going to be out for a while; if I’m just running to the store this is not important), extra contact lenses if I’m wearing contacts, sunglasses, lip balm, mask. In more conventional times I’d also sometimes have concealer or lipstick with me for touch ups but now what I carry is pretty minimal. I sometimes have a few other things thrown in there depending on the circumstances but these are my every day items. I carry a specific bag for work since I need to carry my laptop and files for work.   Edit to add: hair ties!	episode_done:True
text:What did people *actually* wear in 2000's?	labels:From 2001-2005, clothing I wore as a high schooler/college kid: low rise bootcut jeans, fitted graphic tshirts, fitted polo shirts, fitted shirts in general (shirts were so tight- maybe that’s why we layered??), always layering shirts- and shirts were super long and over your hips, but tight- never tucking them in, cutoff denim skirts, cotton shorts (like soffees) with words on the butt, necklace with my first initial on it, platform flip flops, dresses with Hawaiian prints (like flowers or surfers etc), hoop earrings, fitted hoodies. That’s what I can remember.
text:Are your glasses part of your style?	labels:My glasses are too expensive these days to be a part of my style. They are more a part of “me.” I don’t mind checking out cheap frames but my damn 1.74 high index lenses and their coatings =|	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 19	labels:I found a jacket I liked on an instagram ad, but im pretty sure its an AliExpress/low quality brand. Ive heard that these items can be replicas of actual clothing made by a legit brand. Can anyone help me identify or find who makes something similar to the wanderer jacket by serramo tactical?	episode_done:True
text:Clarks agrees £100m private equity deal	labels:yall know what happens to quality when brands sell themselves	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 11, 2021	labels:Haven't been posting lately, found out my grandparents caught corona and it was just weighing me down cause they both have pre-existing conditions and it was shitty having to think about losing them. But both are out of the woods! They seem to be doing so much better and it's a huge relief!   Got a bunch of Aime Leon dore stuff from various sales and I got to say I'm very impressed. Nothing too flashy, but the Woolrich collection goes so hard. Also have to say, as much as I love some of Howlin' designs,  compared to the ALDxWoolrich stuff,  Howlin' quality is just not there. Surprised at how itchy the wool is. My gf got them as a full price Christmas gift though so can never say that out loud lmao.
text:You wanna explain why or	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge Announcement: Single Origin!	labels:Is "place" like "retailer" or "designer" or "location". Like, is Japan a place?
text:Thoughts on Shein?	labels:Controversial opinion, but, they aren’t that bad.   Let’s have some empathy for a moment: it is an absolute privilege to be able to shop at a sustainable store and/or to be able to buy secondhand. Imagine being someone who hasn’t bought new to them clothing in years because they can’t afford to and then fast fashion prices are waved in their faces on clothing that fits them and is their style. I’m not going to tell someone to not buy clothing from a place they can afford. I’m absolutely not doing it.   People demonize fast fashion because they look at it as black and white and don’t understand that, if you’re shopping at SHEIN, you likely can’t afford the more sustainable sources/you can’t find what you’re looking for secondhand. I’m plus sized. I can’t fit into and afford a lot of the sustainable brands out there. And, people buy out the “fashionable” plus size items in my local thrift stores to sell on Depop, so, I don’t blame people for shopping on SHEIN.  I’ve bought SHEIN secondhand and I’ve had items for years and I haven’t had any issues. I haven’t bought first hand from them in a long time but when I did, I never had any long shipping times or anything, either. I found the same defects I’d find at Target, like, a long thread here or there that I can easily snip off.   This goes for fast fashion in general—if you take care of your clothes and wear the appropriate size, you can make them last. It’s not like they spontaneously rip apart, you have to do something to make them do that. Steam your clothes to get out wrinkle. Tumble dry, hand wash, etc.
text:Dressing larger bodies - without looking sloppy	labels:I think you have to have one element that “fits.”  Like of you have the oversized thing, pick one thing that fits a little slimmer (e.g a straight pant over a wide pant).   Or make sure the shoulder fits for that oversized top - vs a drop shoulder - if the whole outfit is looser.   I also think you can be intentional about revealing a little bit of well chosen skin. Wrists, ankles, calves, collarbone. So you are not just overwhelmed by fabric.   And of course you can always just wear what you want and not worry about it.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 04, 2021	labels:   Hey guys, first of all i respect all the work you invest to help people.  I am 17 years old, 6'7 and around 210 pounds, I play basketball so I am somewhat athletic-skinny?  Quarantine in Greece ends in a week so I want to come back and look better than ever so styling I can use in school.  I am asking for an a advice on how to dress-style, what looks good and what not. I am kinda into sport style but I wouldn't mind trying different things. Every little help-advice would be greatly appreciated!
text:(Man) Repeller: A postmortem	labels:So.. as the owner she made the executive decision to maintain the integrity of the brand thereby shutting it down.   & I guess being female her actions are being described like a ‘tantrum’
text:Old Joe Fall/Winter 2020	labels:Fucking love the vintage/British feel here especially the nice stovepipe fit that most of the models have. I also think they're mixing of brown and black is pretty well executed (even though I normally hate that lol)	episode_done:True
text:[Inspo Album & Commentary] In Recursion: Japanese Traditionalist Futurism & Futurist Traditionalism	labels:>Content Warning: anime	episode_done:True
text:Shopping for clothing items you already own: confessions of an outfit repeater	labels:I always love basic T-shirts. I can also never have too many jeans 👖 because I wear them 95% of the time. And plain black leggings.	episode_done:True
text:I’m 5’9” and I’ve dated people up to 5 inches taller than me. In every case of someone taller than me they’re shocked that I don’t care about the height difference. People just self sabotage the fuck out of themselves because they’re insecure in their masculinity and then blame it on someone else. I do not envy tall women.	labels:It's the exact same anger porn that people love for watching the news and stuff. People *like* to be angry about something.
text:don't wake me, i plan on sleeping in: a sunday morning inspo album	labels:"Good morning... Sunday morning."	episode_done:True
text:Unpopular thing to say but I dont think its about looking good. I'm genuinely convinced that its simply in vogue to attack masculinity right now.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:A discussion about “knockoff culture”	labels:DietPrada on instagram regularly does write-ups on designers copying each other. They're super interesting if you're curious.	episode_done:True
text:The tension between the ordinary stuff and the artwork is part of the appeal for the fans. That moment of realization that this weird otherworldly look is made out of like chore coats and jeans and shit like that is the part of the fun.  Craig is explicitly more interested in making cool runway moments than the clothes being cool on the rack, so I that's a legit criticism.	labels:Yeah, I get that. I'm just always bummed when I click on "Craig Green" on Farfetch and then everything is just kinda boring.
text:She wasn’t against bourgeois customers, that makes no sense. She was against the established bourgeoisie notions of aesthetics and taste. That was the cliche.  Did you listen to the podcast or?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Help with 2020 post-COVID scrubs style	labels:Hey there! I’m not in medicine (yet! in a postbacc premed program now), but I didn’t volunteer at a hospital during the peak of COVID in my area. My job was sorting through an actual mountain of scrubs in the basement of the hospital. So I spent around 100 hours seeing/feeling/folding almost every brand of scrubs you can imagine.   I agree that Figs are probably the top brand for scrubs. But I also want to plug a brand that I think did a great job on making more fashionable cuts/colors/styles: Med Couture. They have a lot of options for cut, and the fabric was softer than most of the other scrubs that I sorted (all had been laundered several times in industrial machines).	episode_done:True
text:How does your makeup style and clothing style relate? - discussion	labels:Im Op I’ll share mine-  Personally I sort of plan my makeup look based of what I’m wearing   I do mostly dramatic Smokey eyes and cut crease looks with bright blush and lipstick everywhere in colors that either match my outfit or just compliment it well! I also do more eye liner dramatic looks at times as well! Usually if I’m wearing something a bit more cutesy I’ll do my makeup to reflect the look. If Im wearing my black velvet blazer set I’ll do thé likes of and orange and gold Smokey eye to make it more bold and less professional looking! I have a very dressy style with masculine, Victorian, and highly detailed elements so bold colorful makeup makes some of my more stuffy looks less boring. I’ve lately been after doing my foundation putting a bit of blush from the bottom front of my eye bags to the top of my brow bone. I love how it makes makeup a little more unique and makes me look a little less baby faced.  I used to wear very skater boyish/ art kid outfits and hair ( I still respect the style still though ) but wore heavy Instagram glam style makeup. I still do glam makeup but it looked quite odd at times! I didn’t really think much about makeup in relation to clothing then, not that it’s really necessary! I feel I’ve come far with my style!
text:Nike Among Many Brands Lobbying Against Xinjiang Forced Labor Bill	labels:> Greg Rossiter, the director of global communications at Nike, said the company “did not lobby against” the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act but instead had “constructive discussions” with congressional staff aides aimed at eliminating forced labor and protecting human rights.  Nike is a bitch.  > In a statement, Coca-Cola said that it “strictly prohibits any type of forced labor in our supply chain” and uses third-party auditors to closely monitor its suppliers. It also said that the COFCO Tunhe facility in Xinjiang, which supplies sugar to a local bottling facility and had been linked to allegations of forced labor by The Wall Street Journal and Chinese-language news media, “successfully completed an audit in 2019.”  At least Coke answer it well.	episode_done:True
text:What’s the comfiest material you can put in a washing machine without fuss?	labels:Rayons. You can absolutely put them in the dryer, they're less prone to pilling than cotton and definitely much softer. If you do put them in the dryer, just use the lowest setting (which you should already be doing for all your clothing - high heat settings on washers and dryers should only be used for things like towels and sheets). Air drying is, obviously, less hard on *all* clothing and so you should opt for it whenever possible to extend the life of your clothing, but I wouldn't say it's *necessary* for rayons. They don't need to be dried flat, so a laundry rack or hanging them to dry in some other way is totally fine. I don't hand wash anything, either, tbh. I put delicates in a wash bag and wash all clothing in cold water on the delicate cycle, but that's about as far as I'm willing to go. I pretty much exclusively wear soft/smooth fabrics due to sensory issues, and that works well enough for me.	episode_done:True
text:Congratulations and Welcome to our New Moderators!	labels:> are both great fits  I see what you did there.  :)	episode_done:True
text:> Also, men hit on me, and women never hit on me.   This is a gay mood.	labels:I know I shouldn't care at this point since I'm getting married and all...but it would be nice for once in my life :(	episode_done:True
text:Dressing Drakes on a Budget	labels:Yah but how do I get those beautiful silk scarves that are 72×20, sure you can buy women's scarves for like 10$ used but the longest ones are 60x12 and when you actually wear them they're noticeably shorter	episode_done:True
text:Favorite fashion impracticalities	labels:Giant sweater + skater skirt is cute as hell even if your knees freeze.
text:I just bought duplicates of plain white and black tshirts and felt a bit lame but it’s totally worth it when you find the right ones!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Would be great to see a breakdown or the construction and materials of some more “fashion” brands in the same way he’s doing “functional” brands Edit: for clarity	labels:Uhm that wouldnt help that much tbh, those are footwear for extremely different use cases
text:No Cop / No (New) Jawnz January: Mid-month Check-In	labels:I got some Rick for my partner and insist that doesn’t count.	episode_done:True
text:Just curious but why didn't you get a washing machine for the apartment?	labels:Not allowed.  THere's a complex laundry room.	episode_done:True
text:I do think that’s where influencers (ugh I hate that term) are actually super helpful. The whole fashion blog/influencer thing started with girls styling clothes that regular people could actually afford	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Turtlenecks as a Base Layer - Inspiration Album	labels:damn, I need more turtlenecks for the winter	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 06	labels:When I showed my wife the white pants I got yesterday, she narrowed her eyes and said, "Oh, those look... *fun*"  Thanks for being here, friends.
text:Yeah bums me out but I agree. Happened to my local dying mall and people were so excited for the mall to make a comeback, but the company just left it to rot and used up all equity they had.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Anyone else missing party clothes?	labels:Yes! I have like a whole drawer of what I consider to be my ‘ho’ clothes. Totally impractical for wearing out right now, but I miss doing a full face of makeup (including lipstick people could see!) and getting dressed up.  Honestly I don’t think trends move the same way with going out wear as it does in other areas of fashion. A body con dress or some fun short shorts are usually good for a couple years imo. However I’m definitely the first to admit my taste leans more towards trashy and loud than special event most times, it also gets worn to rocky horror showings pretty regularly so that’s my kinda vibe lol.   I did buy a couple of pieces at the beginning of this when I thought it would just be a few months, but since then not really. It’s been more about comfy casual since that’s what my weekend look like now.
text:What are your tips for being stylish when your weight fluctuates like crazy?	labels:Wrap dresses and wrap skirts tend to be flexible with size fluctuations. I don’t know if the same wrap skirt can take you from a size 4 to 14 but they’ll fit longer than other styles do.
text:Never buy anything from FILA.com	labels:Don’t worry, I’m definitely not going to be buying any Fila	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 06, 2021	labels:Apparently trump supporters are storming the capitol building right at this moment? wtf?
text:Thrifting lovers, what are your favorite thrift stores?	labels:Kinda depends what you’re looking for. I love vintage, so small, local thrift shops in smaller towns can be a goldmine.	episode_done:True
text:For those who won't/can't go out for Halloween: what are your favourite costumes from past years?	labels:I have an almost complete replica poilu (French WWI soldier) uniform in my closet. I have the greatcoat, boots, belt, Ruby holster, splatter mask, ARS-17 gas mask & gas mask carrying tin, and an Adrian helmet. I just tried it all on, and I'm really liking how it looks. I'm a bit too old to go trick-or-treating, so I'll be giving out candy in it if any kids come to the door. I can also hide my real mask under the gas mask, which is cool. The only major piece I'm missing is the pants (the greatcoat covers a lot of the legs), and I would also love to make a pair of vienot lenses for the gas mask, which are those spider-web eyes that stop the lenses from blowing inwards from the concussion effects of explosives.	episode_done:True
text:> I would suggest looking into local producers  I want this to be the future of not just fashion but the whole global economy. So many places (at least in the US) have lost "local flavor" to global brands, and that minimizes the diversity of options, competition, innovation, and perspectives in fashion and every industry. We need to move towards a better balance of local and global production and identify ways we can strengthen small businesses and enable them to compete and (re)establish a local culture.	labels:Yeah, i agree completely. Its difficult to actually do often (i live in reasonably northern Canada, like not North but we do not have a winter growing season of any appreciable value) so if i don't want to like get scurvy in the winter I won't be buying local.   But listening to first nations peoples and incorporating traditional health knowledge would be a way to solve this issue - is that going to happen on a large scale, probably not. Also cedar tea does not taste very good imo. But anyways.	episode_done:True
text:You activated my fight-or-flight response	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Naughty or Nice?	labels:I am on Fashion Santa's **Nice** list this year! Even though I'm home all by myself and the only person who ever sees me is the Amazon delivery guy who I wait for by my window because *oh my god, I need human contact,* I'm still putting on a full face of makeup, doing my hair, and wearing spanx, a push-up bra, a sheath dress that fits like a second skin, 4" heels, and perfume.  I'm doing it for *me*, you know, because feeling sexy while I'm all by myself is much more important than being comfortable. Sure, it's easier to get coffee and cheeto stains out of my bathrobe than a 100% wool dress, but cheetos aren't sexy either.   For Christmas, Fashion Santa is going to bring me a brand new dress for every zoom event I have scheduled in 2021, because I would just die if people saw me wearing the same outfit week after week, which is definitely the kind of thing people are thinking about these days.
text:General Discussion - December 19, 2020	labels:The thing where we say "Loro Piana" if somebody doesn't provide a budget is neither helpful nor amusing.
text:Who are your favorite fashion influencers on Youtube?	labels:I know Jenn Im doesn’t only do fashion now, but I really like her style. I started watching her way back when she (and Sarah) first started and she was major style inspo for my 16 year old self.	episode_done:True
text:Jewelry trends for 2021	labels:I’m just bored that I can’t find any delicate silver jewelry anywhere. Gold is just not my thing
text:Kaptain Sunshine Fall/Winter 2020	labels:It's a little too subtle and minimal for my taste, although that jacket in 20 looks intriguing. Is that lavender?	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 18, 2020	labels:Suggestions for:   Dark gray/charcoal (not black) pants. Bizcas-ish appropriate but a little more interesting...  Maybe 5 pocket? maybe an interesting material? nothing overly wide, but straight, slim-straight or a slight taper would work. up to $100 second hand so maybe double that new?	episode_done:True
text:See I'm always a fan of a more retro look myself. I'll def have a look at the new ones though, thank you for letting me know!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How A Trouser Should Fit – The Armoury	labels:He puts on and takes off a blazer the way Steph Curry shoots a jumper. Smooth as butter.	episode_done:True
text:That's the opposite of what I want! Where's the designer who says "Don't worry pudgy, these clothes will make you hot."	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT - Change: Pacific Northwest Style	labels:Any way we could just have dual themes, considering the late notice on the switch?
text:Shitpost Saturday: Naughty or Nice?	labels:I am on Fashion Santa's **Naughty** list this year thanks to infraction after infraction, but my fate was sealed when I wore leggings to the gym I hadn't squat proofed in bright light beforehand.	episode_done:True
text:People are the ones responsible for keeping these companies in check. It’s the governments that need to regulate this crap.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Oh my god *yes*. I don’t know why, but the juxtaposition of loose, effortlessly tousled hair with the power suits and the high, high, heels were just—I dunno, the word “sumptuous” comes to mind. That film was fashion porn for me.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I would say keep at least 1 major item (accessories/shoes don't count), but you could keep more if desired.  In my mind the idea is to show the versatility of your wardrobe.  edit: which means technically that you could also keep only a single item or change only a single item.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Wearing Big Coats	labels:Its the best time of the year!	episode_done:True
text:Guys who lost a lot of weight, how did you change your style?	labels:I lost 3 stone, sold all my clothes, bought all new ones, then got fat again. I tried a lot of stuff on in person to get a good idea of my new shape when I lost weight and I mostly bought second hand stuff from acne, apc, Norse projects	episode_done:True
text:Buy Sell Thread - December 07, 2020	labels:BARACUTA G9 in NAVY, size 36  Brand new with tags.  $199 + shipping from NYC.  Jacket looks awesome but was slightly too small for me.	episode_done:True
text:What are some differences between stereotypical Millennial and Gen Z fashion/aesthetics?	labels:I associate Gen Z fashion with crop tops and sweatpants, so yeah it makes sense that people in their 30's buying expensive ethical clothes aren't going for the sporty spice look.
text:Cashmere especially should last for a long time. The issue is with fast fashion companies selling cheap and low quality cashmere. It doesn't last and the impact on the producers of raw material is horrific.  But I agree with you, most of my stuff hold up very long. Even t-shirts, if you take good care of them can last several years minimum...	labels:What does taking care of a t shirt look like? I just put mine in the wash...
text:Jewelry trends for 2021	labels:I’m just bored that I can’t find any delicate silver jewelry anywhere. Gold is just not my thing
text:Really like Theresq&Co	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Ooohh thanks for sharing! I actually rarely go clothes shopping with my friends so I'll try it out more	labels:Ask someone for a zoom hour of going through what you have and recs.  The more specific you can be about your preferences and limitations (for me I don’t do dry cleaning or heels over 1.5) the better your results will be, pro’s and the online services have a form you go through but what I really like asking a friend is the bonding experience and cute compliments, people are always flattered when you tell them that you admire their style. I’ve been trying to support local and POC so I’m supporting my local drag queens and makeup artists, it’s really helped me get out of my natori robe for a couple hours during SIP	episode_done:True
text:In kind of a similar way-- when I first moved to NYC, I ended up living in a kind of sketchy neighborhood in Harlem.  I would have stood out a ton and potentially been messed with if I'd worn fancy dresses and things like that (for example while walking my dog).  It's much more comfortable and appropriate to dress up in my current neighborhood.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Thought this belonged here	labels:What's a "tonal outfit"?  And, why is yellow and light blue a "tonal outfit" for green but not the other way around?	episode_done:True
text:Devil in a new dries	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Best and Worst Purchases of 2020?	labels:Best - It's hardly fashion, but I bought a Patagonia Better Sweater a couple weeks ago and I have to say that they live up to the hype. Super warm and comfortable yet also breathes a bit. Been wearing it mostly for early morning dog walking and hiking rather than truly fashionable moments, but super happy with it.  Worst - I misread an eBay listing and accidentally bought a medium tall (rather than large like I intended) J. Crew rugby. It's just too long on me and I don't wear it much (still looks pretty good on Zoom). Nice shirt, though.	episode_done:True
text:AE Elgin - Before & After recraft pics	labels:hipster shoes hipster shoes	episode_done:True
text:I love you for putting this into words!!! I feel the same way but I never comment because I’m too scared lol	labels:	episode_done:True
text:If you don't get recommendations, and if you haven't already tried, try filtering by location+handmade when searching in etsy.   When you do find a shop you like, try browsing their shop owner's favorites. I've used that method to find new etsy sellers that I like.	labels:Thanks! Thats a good idea, appreciate it.   Love your fits btw :)	episode_done:True
text:It's a Gilmore Girls reference!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I though this when reading, but then you could have an 'ethics' (for want of a better word) section for each fabric. Maybe a note at the top that all industries have issues when it comes to production standards, and to research the company you're buying from to ensure they are sourcing their textiles responsibly.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Tailoring for the People	labels:Favorite ways to incorporate tailored clothing casually (easiest to hardest, IMO):  All of the tailored items should be on the casual side (OCBDs, patterned shirts, non-worsted jacket/trousers, textured and/or patterned fabrics, etc)   1. Swap in button up shirts for tees and/or layer under sweaters/sweatshirts, non tailored jacket, overshirt, etc.  2. Swap in trousers for chinos or denim. Knit, sweatshirt, tee, polo, hoody, etc for the top. 3. Button up shirt and trouser. Layer with knit, sweatshirt, non tailored jacket, overshirt, even a hoody. 4. Jacket with denim. Non button up shirt top (knit, sweatshirt, polo, clean solid tee) 5. 4 but with a button up shirt 6. Jacket and odd trouser (odd meaning it's not a suit). Non button up shirt top. 7. Jacket, button up shirt, odd trouser. 8. Suit and non button up shirt top. Could be tied with 7 if the suit is casual enough.	episode_done:True
text:What are some differences between stereotypical Millennial and Gen Z fashion/aesthetics?	labels:I associate Gen Z fashion with crop tops and sweatpants, so yeah it makes sense that people in their 30's buying expensive ethical clothes aren't going for the sporty spice look.
text:Not really odd. I’m a huge fan of using natural stuff. My gf is hair stylist and suggests new wash from hairstory. Also back native. I’ve tried a few natural deodorants and it’s one of the few ones that doesn’t cause any irritation for me. You can also pick it up at target.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What is your favorite under-the-radar leather handbags / brand?	labels:Matt & Nat! They're not leather specifically (they're vegan - made from recycled water bottles I believe? But they sure as hell feel like leather!) I've had a travel wallet from them for nearly 10 years...it just broke last week :( Still need to buy a new one.	episode_done:True
text:Dressing Drakes on a Budget	labels:Well done!	episode_done:True
text:Slim fit joggers/sweats?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What shoes besides boots are you looking forward to wearing this fall?	labels:My feet are mangled (I’m 33) so I pretty much wear Alegria shoes exclusively (also Birks). I recently ordered a pair of Alegria black lace-up oxfords that are probably not stylish in the least but man are they comfortable. I’ve become more drawn to black clothing the past few years so I feel like *my* style is coming together, even though that style requires orthopedic shoes!	episode_done:True
text:Discussion: Clay Jewelry?	labels:I love them! So lightweight, statement pieces, unique. In the uk my fav shop is SlowGoldie on Etsy in Sheffield	episode_done:True
text:> I don’t think that any of these groups should be completely separate however I do find them all being lumped into the same spaces very frustrating as someone who does love fashion as a form of art and creativity. > > I like harsh and blunt constructive criticism in pretty much all areas of life and I most certainly want it for my outfits as well. I want to hear what other fashion lovers and artists think of my colour choices, proportions, textures, fit, etc. and be able to refine those things and really flex my creative muscles when creating an outfit.  💯. Bad takes of runway shows or industry inside baseball are easy enough to gloss over, but poor critique actively inhibits people's learning.   If anything, "You do you"-type comments are _even worse_ for people who are only involved out of a sense of obligation; clothing is non-verbal communication, and if you're attempting to portray a certain image you want to make sure it's perceived properly. I frequently interview people who show up in outfits that don't convey an appropriate message (e.g. wearing a suit when it's explicitly called out to not do so in our interviewing materials).  > I’ve been an off and on follower of FFA for a few years and I feel like it’s definitely dominated by the “people who wear clothes” group and unfortunately it limits the amount of critique that is acceptable to give.  Come join us over at r/ffacj_discussion :)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:If you have an REI near you (or I guess maybe they do it online too, never bothered to check) they almost always seem to have some sort of "10% off when you buy 3 or more pairs of socks" deal or something similar going on (and if they don't and you're buying full-price socks, you'll get 10% back in your dividend if you're a member, just gotta wait for it)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 13, 2021	labels:Quarantine hair is officially out of control. I'm starting to look like a hockey player from the 70s. To further cement the look I'm growing a moustache and it's not going terribly tbh.
text:I feel like other people near me know the thrift store magic because I haven't found cashmere there in like 2 years. However, thredup can be good. I despise cotton sweaters because they're not warm enough and wool sweaters are super itchy unless they're merino or cashmere so basically I'm screwed.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Winter staples?	labels:\- Sorel Winter Boots. I always recommend Sorel. Have lasted 50+ trecks through the snow.   \- Puffer coat for when it's so cold my face hurts   \- Teddy coat for when it's just above freezing   \- Wool socks in cute color of your choosing   \- Wool leggings for underneath pants. I don't like fleece leggings cause they make my ass sweat. If you have a normal ammount of ass sweat, these may work for you.   \- Really just wool anything. It's the best bang for your buck if you're worried about getting cold. The idea is to dress in layers. REI has some great guides if this is your first rodeo.   \- Cute slippers since we're all grounded inside.  Hope this helps :) You can add varying levels of style and fashion to all these elements, goal #1 is to stay toasty!	episode_done:True
text:Did heels go out of style? I wear them almost exclusively, I really had no idea they were a fading look.	labels:No. The shape and height of heels changes	episode_done:True
text:Patagonia?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Hooded Sweatshirt Roundup	labels:Bizarre exclusion of both Reigning Champ (CYC) and House of Blanks (Roopa Knitting Mills)  The huge portion of the article justifying the purchasing and wearing of a hooded sweatshirt is also one of the more pointless things ever written by this publication.
text:Honestly one of my favorite things about it (and Star Wars in general) is the costuming.   I realized when that calamari dude was wearing the fisherman sweater, it struck me as being out of place. I love how most of the robes and things seem very interesting, but also lived in and functional. Everyone just wears whatever they want or whatever suits their lifestyle, and no one else pays it much mind. Dude walking around in shiny battle armor? Sure, I’ll just mind my own business  Also the cinematography of todays episode was dope. Amazing vibes and colors (clearly in debt to old samurai films )	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Chelsea boots under €200	labels:I have Shoe The Bear and can vouch, they are my everyday go-to. I put an insert in them to make it a bit more of a snug fit fwiw. I have two pairs of boots from them and both have held up nicely. Simple and good quality	episode_done:True
text:Totally.  To me, Gen Z is a lot of clothing that isn’t work appropriate but super fun. A lot of crop tops, bra tops, spaghetti straps, usually some tummy showing, and then some baggy pants. Lots of thrifting and also cheap fast fashion. Doc Martens and other platform shoes. Very 90s/early 2000s. Long acrylic nails, false lashes. Really fun and can be a really “hot but trashy” style   Millennial fashion is more professional/better quality/structured. Linens, trousers, heels, sandals, etc. Frankly I think it has to do with millennials having more money. Low key hair, nails and makeup. Neutral colours and patterns. It’s a more mature style   I’m 25 so I get to do both 😎 woohoo	labels:I am a completely broke, jobless 24 year old and recent graduate and I have recently adopted a more mature style because I don't want to be jobless forever. So now my closet is 50% fun, sexy Zoomer/Millenial clothes, and 50% blazers and cigarette pants with varying shades of brown.	episode_done:True
text:[First Impressions] Carmina horsebit loafers in white leather	labels:How does anyone sell a single gram of coke in Hollywood without these?	episode_done:True
text:Is Chanel going to be better off without Karl?	labels:I feel like Karl Lagerfeld's legacy & tenure really glossed over his last decade or so of design. Sure there were some good shows in the 2010s, but a lot of it was just....   Virginie Viard is always going to come up short because she's Lagerfeld-esque and has the misfortune of coming directly after Lagerfeld. Lagerfeld was good at making his name and Chanel synonymous so that if you see a tweed jacket - you immediately think of both. As Viard tries to draw upon Chanel classics & house standards, it's seen as copying Lagerfeld (and failing) rather than her being referential. She hasn't really presented her point of view, separate from Chanel or Lagerfeld, either, so it's really hard to pick up on the specific aspects of her designs that are *hers.*
text:Ah that makes more sense, I thought they meant forgiving as in flattering to the body.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:My incomplete guide for buying less in 2021	labels:Great tips! I’m working on the remove temptation part—spending hours of my day on fb/insta=getting sucked into ads that I didn’t ask for!!  I’m also drafting up a “do not buy” list for 2021-basically a list of what I already have a good amount of going into the new year. I think it’ll be pretty helpful :)	episode_done:True
text:I completely agree with you. This has been the pits.  I WFH most of the time and I have started to get dressed up, make up, and a few times have even worn heels, to bring some normalcy in to the picture LOL  I also haven't seen many places pushing Halloween costumes and other gear like previous years. I bet they are all hurting too. Which really sucks.   Love that you are going to be in a comfy costume. I just found out that a few friends of mine are having a virtual Halloween party. They claim complete with music LOL Should be interesting.  Hope you get to enjoy the night!! <3	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Your 2021 trend predictions?	labels:I think we'll see an adjustment on the enormous puffy sleeves and ruffles, and a trend towards fitted long-line pieces - still historically inspired but with more of an emphasis on ornamentation than on silhouette. Nods to the roaring 20s: gems, jewels, metallics continuing to be prominent; dramatic makeup; heels making a resurgence.
text:How does a warm weather wardrobe differ from a cold weather wardrobe?	labels:As someone who moved from Boston to Houston - leave your LL Bean behind.  You don't have to spend a fortune on new clothes (target is fine).  Women do not tend to wear khakis down here.  Loose linen pants would probably feel good though.  Colors will be brighter, bring sunglasses.  New Orleans will be a swamp most of the year, so whatever you would pack for a beach vacation.  You don't need snow anything (shoes, coat), maybe a light jacket for the colder months.  I didn't use my wool coat for a couple years, it wasn't cold enough.  You could probably get away with a wool sweater and layers under if it dips to the 30s and you're still acclimated to cold weather.  Yes to a light cotton or linen cardigan for the AC.  Do not underestimate the heat and humidity.	episode_done:True
text:Nice Laundry No Show Socks Are Terrible!	labels:Stance brand is my go to	episode_done:True
text:this statement from the author is the epitome of "making up guys in your head to be mad at"	labels:	episode_done:True
text:An Essay on the Navy Blazer with Brass Buttons	labels:Is one of those a 6x1? A got one recently that was a little too big and long, but I think I'm going to have it taken in and give it another go after reading this
text:Almost same here, my family is very pro-traditional gender roles so I dress androgynously. Best part is, my brother does, too, and we often end up having the exact same style of clothes.	labels:Sibling win! That's hilarious.	episode_done:True
text:How many clothes do you have? (Really?)	labels:I think the size of your wardrobe is going to depend on your climate, job, hobbies, and general lifestyle. I have a lot more clothing than that. I also live in a place with four seasons. I have outdoorsy hobbies that require some tougher clothes. I can‘t wear my casual clothing to work (and I’m also holding onto some more professional clothing from a past job in case I return to that field). I don’t have a lot of disposable income either, so I always keep things like dress pants even though I never wear them in my everyday, because I can’t afford to go shopping when interviews and funerals come up.  For instance, I probably have at least 15 dresses alone, once you count all the strappy sundresses, nice work dresses, wool sweater dresses, the cocktail dresses, and the evening gown that’s in the back of my closet - and everything in between.  I swap out my clothing with the seasons and have one closet that I share with my husband, so I try to be judicious about what I keep, while giving myself grace that I don’t need to get rid of something just because I don’t wear it regularly.
text:[Serious answers only] FAQ: Why does runway fashion looks like nothing you'd ordinarily wear on the daily?	labels:When I watched The Devil Wears Prada, I thought Miranda Priestly explained it pretty well for a plebeian like me:  "'This... stuff'? Oh. Okay. I see. You think this has nothing to do with you. You go to your closet and you select... I don't know... that lumpy blue sweater, for instance because you're trying to tell the world that you take yourself too seriously to care about what you put on your back. But what you don't know is that that sweater is not just blue, it's not turquoise. It's not lapis. It's actually cerulean. And you're also blithely unaware of the fact that in 2002, Oscar de la Renta did a collection of cerulean gowns. And then I think it was Yves Saint Laurent... wasn't it who showed cerulean military jackets? I think we need a jacket here. And then cerulean quickly showed up in the collections of eight different designers. And then it, uh, filtered down through the department stores and then trickled on down into some tragic Casual Corner where you, no doubt, fished it out of some clearance bin. However, that blue represents millions of dollars and countless jobs and it's sort of comical how you think that you've made a choice that exempts you from the fashion industry when, in fact, you're wearing the sweater that was selected for you by the people in this room from a pile of stuff."
text:my all-black eDgY WiTcHy gOtH capsule wardrobe	labels:That velvet blazer is to die for. I love your style and your wardrobe.
text:Review your winter 2020/2021 outerwear: how did your coats and sweaters hold up this season? Would you recommend your specific brand to someone looking for warm layers. Did you add anything new to your winter wardrobe that stands out?	labels:For me it’s all about the layers. My heattech collection is epic.
text:What fashion trend/s have you been obsessed with lately?	labels:Cottagecore! I dress vintage 70s all the time but cottagecore has my heart so I dress in cottagecore outfits as well now	episode_done:True
text:Stop Dressing For Your Height [Tim Dessaint]	labels:Does thisam have tips on styles for the thicker gentlemen	episode_done:True
text:### Henleys	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 12, 2021	labels:Do you guys ever wear black shoes with a dark blue pair of pants ( not jeans more of a Chino type of fabric) My wife keeps telling me it's not bad. But I still feel hesitant.Dark blue and black seem too similar. Any opinions?
text:Ohh thank you for your advice! I love this idea- I think that yeah, I don't really want to go without buying a dress for a special occasion from time to time. But yeah, saving is really addictive!! I totally agree that starting off slow is the best way to go about this!!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Saint Laurent Teddy Jacket [Review]: Is it Worth it?	labels:I had this and the celine version of this jacket. Kept the celine one since I just find it to be slightly higher quality. Both are fashion staples, however, and fantastic jackets. Great video.	episode_done:True
text:How do you dress in a casual work environment if you really enjoy fashion/dressing up?	labels:You’re clothes don’t sound less business like than anyone else’s just more dressed up and like you’re more interested in fashion. To me that’s the only thing that may make them take you less seriously, they may think that because you put effort into your outfits you’re shallow or superficial etc. So otherwise as long as you don’t mind standing out I’d wear what you want to wear. (Minus the crop tops like people have mentioned). I’m always overdressed and I don’t think it’s negatively affected me at work.	episode_done:True
text:Mr Porter carries some BEAMS and BEAMS+.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What shoes besides boots are you looking forward to wearing this fall?	labels:My feet swell in the heat, so I’m looking forward to wearing my loafers without feeling like I stuffed sweaty sausages in them 🤷🏻‍♀️	episode_done:True
text:I think you can have a jacket that is much more exciting than a pair of pants can match. Solid color pants are all I really wear, with more bold and exciting jackets.  And for 90% of the population, anything with a jacket is a "suit"	labels:	episode_done:True
text:give me a reason: inspo from multiple sources	labels:Anyone else have a mini heart attack when they saw the guy painting in his OG Jordans?
text:clothes that you've made or altered significantly by hand that you're particularly proud of?	labels:I've made a bunch of masks. It's definitely more time investment to see them by hand, but I don't have a sewing machine so I don't have another option.	episode_done:True
text:Best and Worst Purchases of 2020?	labels:Worst: Slim tapered Supreme chinos. Supposed to be 100% cotton but they feel uncomfortably sticky.   Best: native print overshirt jacket by Indian. Far surpasses every other jacket in my wardobe.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 02, 2020	labels:Top .1% of Kanye listeners. Yes this is a cry for help
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 20, 2020	labels:Does anyone else not get the hype with Uniqlo? I’ve tried some of their stuff and I’m not that impressed. Plastic zippers, lackluster fabric, awful customer service. Aren’t there better options out there for the price?
text:The Queen’s Gambit Inspo Album	labels:I loved the gray/black top she wore when meeting with the Christian Crusader ladies, I'm going to have to search for it	episode_done:True
text:[Inspo Album] Inspired by a recent Red and Pink Comment: An Inspo album of unexpected, but totally wearable, color combos	labels:I like red and pink, it works as long as they're in the same "warm" or "cool" spectrum.	episode_done:True
text:Has anyone lost their wardrobe creativity as they’ve gotten older? How do you get it back?	labels:ime it is less about age and more about the range of styles you are exposed to while out and about.	episode_done:True
text:New project for the next month, lol	labels:	episode_done:True
text:That's incredible! I'm a notorious earring-loser, so I never wear nice ones. This gave me so much satisfaction ❤	labels:It was insane that I found them! I still went to the same food cart pretty much every day after losing them, and I would half-heartedly look down, but I never thought I’d actually find them! This was in a big city by a bunch of office buildings, hospitals, etc., so a ton of foot traffic. I just assumed someone else found them and that was their lucky day, LOL.	episode_done:True
text:Sorry you feel that way. When I wrote it, I tried to convey that I didn't put much thought into what I wore. Perhaps I could have said pajama bottoms with RRL cardigans. I don't have a perfect description for it, but I do think that the style Andrew is wearing there is a lot more coherent. I think there are ways to do that style thoughtfully, and not randomly. I didn't write this with the intention of making people feel unhappy with their current wardrobe. Just trying to give suggestions on how they may get enjoyment from clothes, even when confined to home.	labels:Hey man huge fan. DWW has been a game changer for me and the way I dress and I've been following it religiously for a verrrrrrry long time. Absolutely love your recent article "America's Other Button Down" in particular. Hope you have a great night and looking forward to what you put out next!    And if you have any more California Sunshine and Noir or Western shirt inspo please feel free to send it my way ;)
text:Watch out for the crows so they don't peck out your eyes!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Careful investments consistently pay off more than cheap impulse buys for me.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I dyed my leather boots and here is how it went.	labels:Looks great! I’ve seen a lot of people dying suede on the roller skating g subreddit, but haven’t seen leather before.	episode_done:True
text:What is your favorite under-the-radar leather handbags / brand?	labels:90’s Dooney & Bourke Cabrio leather collection. I have three of these bags  that I’ve rotated through for 15 years and they still look like new. I’d bought them used on EBay.  The workmanship is exemplary and at the time their products were manufactured in the US.	episode_done:True
text:What types of dresses would it be practical to have on hand for common different wedding types?	labels:I literally just spent a lot of time picking a “wedding guest” dress and one thing I tried to take into consideration was the fact that I don’t go to a lot of weddings, so I tried to nab something that will fit me through weight fluctuation since I plan to rewear it to weddings in the future. I also tried to aim for the middle ground between “covered enough to wear to a conservative wedding” and “not so dowdy I feel 30 years older than I am”. A wrap dress to the knee ended fitting this bill for me!
text:Looking for a Shear Thing (Shearling Jackets)	labels:As a NY'er who travels to Boston and Canada, shearling is my fav!	episode_done:True
text:clothes + art: random inspo	labels:!mfaimagebot 16   Which artist is this?
text:Interested in this as well	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Congratulations on the smaller victories! Hope something comes out of them soon for you.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 17, 2020	labels:looking for wardrobe essentials like 3 pairs of sneakers 2 shirts and jeans
text:From my understanding brushed twill is only brushed on one side after weaving while flannel is cotton that is brushed before weaving	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What work for my boyfriends taste and body type?	labels:Here’s the irony, you want slim fit pants, in a dark colour, with a good sweatshirt. Try bonobos black jeans in skin or tailored, with a shawl neck jumper. Get a good pair of Chelsea boots. A turn up at the bottom of the pants will help elongate the legs	episode_done:True
text:Japanese winter fashion trend 2020/2021	labels:Really great post.  Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge Announcement: Rock & Roll!	labels:I am excited	episode_done:True
text:How would you describe the quality of self-knit/self-made clothes vs. store bought?	labels:My handknit sweaters look great and have lasted much longer than my store bought sweaters. They are typically made from better materials ( i.e. natural vs. acrylic yarn) and I do tend to baby them because they took me so long to produce, which may be a big part of it.	episode_done:True
text:How do you shop in COVID?	labels:I worked at Kohl's in college and spent my fair share of time cleaning out fitting rooms.  In normal times, those are the grossest places ever (you don't even want to know what kind of shit I found in there-- including literal shit).    TBH the only clothes I've purchased since Covid were PJ pants (because my old ones split in the ass).  They were from Walmart (so I could go even during a lockdown).   Oh and I bought a sweater dress at Primark.  Now, most of the clothes I buy run SML as opposed to numbered sizes.  Even dresses.  I generally just hold them up to my body and pray that they work (and return if they do not).    I tend not to buy clothes online because the quality is so inconsistent from store to store (and even within a store).  I need to actually feel the quality.	episode_done:True
text:Cold weather friendly skirts and dresses	labels:Just below-the-knee skirt + fleece lined tights + just over-the-knee leather boots is a combo that's even warmer than pants, and my go-to for winter. And a good LONG wool coat! I'm thinking of getting some wool skirts from Etsy this year.  I splurged on the 5050 Stuart Weitzman black leather boots on sale a few years ago - expensive but they make winter outfits pretty easy.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - February 13, 2021	labels:Good place to get cheap blazers for more formal casual looks (casual looks with a flair of formality)? I'm talking dirt cheap (so if it were to get dirty or tear or even if I lost it I wouldn't be financially ruined). Ideally $20 or below, but I know that's pretty damn cheap for a blazer. In Columbus, Ohio right now, but ideally any online or chain store recommendations would be great.   Tldr: Looking for good places to get cheap casual blazers in Columbus, OH. Ideally under $20. Ideally from an online or chain store.
text:it's New Orleans! i'm moving from Maine	labels:That is so exciting! New Orleans could not be more different than Maine, but I hope you love it. I move from Oregon to Texas, and it was a huge adjustment, but now I really like it here.  Like the other commenter said, keep a coat and a few sweaters. When it’s “cold” here, it actually feels colder to me than when I lived in the North. The summer is pretty brutally hot, so I only wear natural fibers now (polyester makes me very sweaty), and lots of short and dresses. No jeans in the summer at all. You do need something to put on when you go inside because of the A/C, but don’t be like me and think you can still wear sweaters in the summer in the South like I did in Oregon.  Have so much fun! Moving to New Orleans is worth it for the food alone.  Edit: This is not weather-related, but the biggest difference to me between northern and southern dressing is that in the South, women generally look way more polished than in the North. I’ve been in Texas long enough now that when I go to Oregon, I’m always thinking “Why doesn’t anyone take care of themselves up here?” Haha just something to keep in mind...	episode_done:True
text:I love their tailoring and use of layers!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Spend $250 on a good replica bag or Tory Burch?	labels:I wouldn’t spend money on a replica no matter how high quality it is. I wouldn’t feel right ripping off the intellectual property of the original designer.
text:That scarf is legit amazing for the winter.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- November 06	labels:I am looking for fashion help or at least tips on dressing for coastal California (SoCal) weather in Spring/Summer, but I haven't found any recent or relevant guides that even scratch the surface for average attire here. Any help would be greatly appreciated for this 31-year-old Seattle Transplant.	episode_done:True
text:Merry Christmas, Ya Filthy Animals: the Wet Bandits Are Style Icons	labels:This sub is so bad, that this might not be satire	episode_done:True
text:Love it! Call the first one Paperbag Princess	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are your 2021 Fashion / Style Goals?	labels:I feel like I've been chasing after a curated wardrobe and style for years. No matter how many lists or moodboards I make.   This year I'm saving up a bunch of money, going into stores with my list and finally completing it. I have to go into stores because online shopping is such a gamble. So often things don't fit right or are see through. I only want to buy pieces I love.  I'll be coupling this with a ruthless declutter. My drawers are overflowing with clothes that make me feel crappy.	episode_done:True
text:Top of WAYWT - September 2020	labels:Awful cosplay	episode_done:True
text:This. I sell so my stuff doesn’t end up in the garbage but Poshmark has got to clean up the site	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 01, 2020	labels:mark my words I *will* be an organic berry farmer and will define a new era of rustic chic
text:WAYWT - November 09, 2020	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The nike shoe?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Good choice! Very functional. I didn't feel like a real adult until I had a leather tote.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:*Wallaby 2: The Winter Sole*	labels:Honestly? Give me a wallaby low with a thick ass vibram sole and I would buy a pair in every color	episode_done:True
text:Good idea for a post. I wonder how many people who buy GYW shoes have actually had them resoled... and how many don't wear them enough or baby them too much to have worn through the soles.  "Buying for life" doesn't make sense if you're not going to wear it for life, and most of us don't.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Sewing your own clothes	labels:Oh yes! I know all about it! Lounge clothes are super easy to sew. Check out /r/sewing for ideas and questions
text:Discussion: Clay Jewelry?	labels:There's some potters in my area that make amazing porcelain jewelry and I'd totally recommend it! I have some pieces from Jenna Vanden Brink that I love. Reiko Yamamota is another with cool minimal jewelry. I'm pretty sure they're both on Etsy.	episode_done:True
text:Bodysuits better than skims (important)	labels:Good to know! I have been interested in SKIMS but it is pretty pricey. So I’m assuming you would say this one is worth the cost? Also, how’s the sizing would you say it’s true to size or size up?
text:Thanks for your reply. I see what you mean. Here in the UK people in Primary/Secondary school wear Uniforms, and most workplaces, but in College and University they wear anything, back in college and University a few years ago people usually wore jeans and hoodies etc. Sometimes I feel people wear things to reflect the event they are at (e.g. college or a party) instead of how old they are.  And I notice a lot of celebs wear things to make they Unique, and really stand out. Like a bright white hoodie and white trousers. I guess it's probably whilst they perform and they change afterwards? But its interesting as people within their age group wouldn't always wear the style they do.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How to wear nice casual clothes with a cotton allergy?	labels:Check out Outlier. Their mission statement is basically “technical fabrics that don’t look like you’re just leaving the gym.” They do use some natural fibers in some of their clothes, but are transparent about the material composition on their website.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 20, 2020	labels:Does anyone else not get the hype with Uniqlo? I’ve tried some of their stuff and I’m not that impressed. Plastic zippers, lackluster fabric, awful customer service. Aren’t there better options out there for the price?
text:There is something about Rick which is so alluring in a dystopian sort of way. Its like a Lovecraft horror story. His stuff is both elegant and decrepit. All the dangly stuff, the dragging on the ground, wacky proportions.... The extra neck holes remind me of some infectious sores. But also glamorous (look at those briefs, lmao).   I'm not going to be sporting any of these looks, but its such a strong aesthetic to consider. Good stuff!	labels:Yeah, it's like a fistula. I usually ignore the "high fashion" stuff on this subreddit, but these images made me genuinely kind of lonely and sad. It's nice to get a new appreciation for an unfamiliar angle of fashion.	episode_done:True
text:American fashion designers take center stage at the US presidential inauguration	labels:Wha this bougie bullshit? They didn’t even mention Bernie’s mittens made by a Vermont school teacher.	episode_done:True
text:Cold weather friendly skirts and dresses	labels:I really like short skirts ... autumnal and wintery tones like navy blue, burgundy, sienna, and dark green are favourites of mine. I like flared/skater/pleated skirts. **Fleece lined tights** are your friend here!! They keep you warm and covered. I absolutely despise long skirts though, so that's just me. Also, especially with a short skirt, don't underestimate the power of footwear when making or breaking an outfit.	episode_done:True
text:post fit	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 14, 2020	labels:I laugh at how edgy/overly seriously /r/DarkAcademia takes itself but I lowkey kinda fuck with the aesthetic
text:What is your one clothing item that makes your life better that everyone should have?	labels:A well fitted black wool coat in a cut that flatters you. It goes with any outfit. You can dress it up or down, and on early mornings taking the kids to school or late night runs to the store you look like you have your shit together even if your sans bra and wearing 3 day old leggings.
text:General Discussion - October 27	labels:> All art is arguably dumb  Holy shit it was way too early in the morning for that take
text:Office Clothes	labels:most of my office clothes are from everlane, madewell, j crew, banana republic, and aritzia	episode_done:True
text:London street style Inspo (circa 1985-1990s)	labels:Very very Shoreditch-y	episode_done:True
text:How did you find your style/tips for a cohesive style	labels:I've spent so much of quarantine trying to find my personal style! Here's what worked for me:  I got all the clothes I regularly, reliably wear, and I laid them out on my bed. Then, I wrote down some observations about them. The materials, the colors, the styles, the patterns...anything that seemed noteworthy. I realized I had three different color palettes going on, so I grouped them accordingly. After assessing everything, I tried to come up with a few adjectives to describe what I was looking at in front of me, and those adjectives became how I describe my personal style. In other words, rather than gravitating toward an aesthetic and trying to make my wardrobe fit into it, I just looked and described what my style, in practice, as it already exists, is.   And ever since I loosely nailed it down, now I make sure that any new clothes I purchase relatively fit those descriptors too. So everything I own is pretty stylistically compatible. :)	episode_done:True
text:Store closings at malls	labels:The Nordstrom Rack in my neck of the woods closed permanently. Idk when, but I went over the holiday season and it was gone.	episode_done:True
text:TheRealReal x Gucci	labels:It’s not generous. $1 for items priced $300-$15000? They have a huge margin.   Also, the Real Real regularly puts the market price/retail price for goods higher than they actually are so that the goods are only a few dollars cheaper than new.   I’m sure people can find deals from time to time but I’m not a fan of the site.
text:What are your feelings on thrifting from “problematic” brands?	labels:The company already made money off of the original purchase of the shirt, so you buying second hand doesn’t really benefit them in any way. If you really want the item, buying it second hand is probably the most ethical choice you can make. If someone asks where the piece is from, just say you don’t know so they won’t be tempted to buy from the brand lol
text:Top of WAYWT - December 2020	labels:Slept-on fits go here	episode_done:True
text:I should have clarified. There a ton of small businesses in my city, but I have to visit their sites one by one. Which takes forever. Is there a Nordstrom or Zara for buying local?	labels:Literally what boutiques are	episode_done:True
text:How has lockdown affected new purchases?	labels:Yeah. Income is reduced and I’m unable to do my job remotely. So the only clothing I’m looking to buy right now are hoodies and sweatpants. Might as well be cozy during this crap.	episode_done:True
text:Depending on the person mostly, but: fragrances, mini candles, eye/sleep mask, makeup, skin/hand/lip/hair care, socks, ties, sunglasses, small leather goods, airpods, or just a gift card.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Vintage Wool Sweaters Need Good, Loving Homes	labels:"Inspo album," haha, more like "shopping list." This is so great!	episode_done:True
text:Green Queens: An Inspo Album	labels:That pure, 100% green color always reminds me of the green M&M with the white boots... I can never unassociate it!	episode_done:True
text:I Dyed My Jeans With $6 Dye and Here Are The Results	labels:I never considered dyeing denim to be an option, as I always assumed it would be too difficult. Good to know it's not as hard as I thought!	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Beauty is Pain	labels:these days, it is not enough to be beautiful, one must also be _ethical._ that is why i walk all 17 miles to my workplace in high heels. not only am i incredibly stylish and fit, i also don't contribute to greenhouse gas emissions from cars at all!
text:General Discussion - November 19, 2020	labels:I think Sufjan Stevens just came by my work
text:From Runway to reddit: Ready-to-Wear Purchasing and the Fashion Calendar Explained	labels:Excellent, excellent write up, thank you so much for sharing and breaking down the process in a way that is easy to understand.   >  If you're cruising to Cabo over Thanksgiving, wintering in the Mediterranean after Christmas, and enjoying late season skiing in Aspen in May, you must have a wardrobe to match. What designers were delivering and retailers stocking was out of step with consumers' buying habits.  This was a great way to explain how the precollections help fill in the gaps, but it will be interesting to see brands cutting down on resort or cruise collections. I normally enjoy precollections cause I find that they tend to be more fun and leave room for more creativity by the designers.  > At the high end, fashion is a relationship business. Sales associates at brand flagships and independent boutiques keep up with clients via phone, text, and e-mail. Rather than making orders through a website, you reach out to your SA and ask "do you have x in?" or they contact you as new stock comes in and try and sell you on whatever bizarre runway item people with both money and sense 👏will👏not👏buy👏.  It’s a transactional relationship and a lot of clients are addicted to the exclusivity of it all (Hermès anyone?). It’s almost a bragging right to have a relationship with a SA who can give you early access to collections or decide you’re worthy of being offered a particular handbag or watch.	episode_done:True
text:I avoid jeans in the house just because it’s terrible on surfaces. Couches especially but even wood if for example you have a wooden dining room chair. Denim is really abrasive.  Durable but hell on anything it touches.  So to keep my stuff nice I opt for softer things day to day. Keeps stuff looking better longer.	labels:Just think of how abrasive it must be on your skin!	episode_done:True
text:Hiking Aesthetic - Functionality vs. Fashion	labels:I wear my yoga clothes with hiking boots and a Patagonia fleece in the summer and fall, Patagonia Radalie jacket in the winter. My friend has a UV protection shirt (REI house brand) which she wears due to the intense UV rays in Colorado. It doesn’t make her feel hot most days. I mostly thrift my yoga/hiking clothes, and really like thrifted Lululemon. Although I hike and do yoga frequently, I won’t buy Lululemon full price when there are so many used gear stores near me. I buy Zella leggings also for both activities. My hiking boots are currently Oboz, my trail running shoes are Asics, and I have heard good things about Salomon hiking boots. Fjallraven has very nice beanies for colder weather.  I definitely say fashion takes a backseat to function for hiking, as you primarily want to be comfortable, however, living in the mountain west, I want to look nice during an activity I do about once weekly, so fashion is at least a consideration for me.  (Edit) You can absolutely hike in your everyday clothing, and I have seen people hike 14,000 foot mountains in gym shorts and a T shirt. As long as your boots and socks are solid and the rest is easy to move in, you’re honestly good to go.
text:if its not international shipping, i may see why it would feel weird  but for getting stuff across multiple oceans, the amount of hassle is insane. Personally im comfortable paying for shipping up to $80, in most extreme cases.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are your favorite straight leg jeans?	labels:My favorite is the Levi’s Ribcage Straight Ankle jeans! I love how high-waisted they are and they are definitely a steal if you can get them on sale!	episode_done:True
text:Hiking and the Outdoors Inspo Album	labels:Some nice stuff in here! 🙌🏽	episode_done:True
text:Schott 538 Nubuck Cowhide Mechanic Jacket	labels:Hmm this or the taylor stitch cuyama jacket 🤔
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 26	labels:Suggestions for good warm house slippers?  I don't really care what they look like.  I just want comfort and durability.	episode_done:True
text:That's a beautiful way to pass on a gift like that! I think if I had that kind of mentor/caretaker relationship with someone I would love to do something similar. Good on you!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Yes! That’s me exactly right now-I am challenging myself lately wearing stuff that’s “me” and that I love but feels a bit out there.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Messy eaters? Tell your stories and hacks / fixes.	labels:Tide pens bring them everywhere abs any time you do stain and are done eating go to the bathroom and wet the stain then dab with paper towels
text:What are you planning on getting rid of this year?	labels:The clothes I had to buy due to "Working during the pandemic and  the only food options being gas station and fast food." weight gain. (Plus losing the weight)  And not technically getting rid of entirely, but I kept some older graphic tees to either stretch over a frame like a canvas or turn into throw pillows. It's time I get that taken care of.  Kenneth Cole Reaction suede chukka boots that have no sole texture left.  I really need to go through my cables box and get rid of old cables I'll never use again.	episode_done:True
text:WAYWT - December 14, 2020	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 20, 2020	labels:what's on ya'll's mind
text:More ankle = more casual.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:They regularly do, from different nations, famous people and those who wrote them or ask for advice. I don't know many of them, but if one follows their stories, Amy often shows looks by other people.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Recent Purchases - November 29, 2020	labels:Theory Sharkskin blue 38R suit and pants for 100.   Century 21 is going out of business and had 70% off of everything. This is probably the best deal I’ll ever get haha ^^	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 05, 2021	labels:I'm considering buying some used Margiela boots (I think they're the Argentine Zip Boots) and I'm wondering if anyone knows if they can be resoled/how I could find that out. Because they'll probably need a resole in a year or two.	episode_done:True
text:Best 2020 pajamas?!	labels:I was looking everywhere and I FINALLY found the perfect ones! The cosabella ones are superrrr soft!	episode_done:True
text:I only have knockoff short rubber Chelsea boots, but this. Except I’m “blundstones” in the winter, Birkenstock’s whenever it isn’t wet.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Matching shoes & purse	labels:This rule is quite dated, however if you insist on matching your bag to your shoes you could get a  multi-coloured bag so you can match it to more shoes.	episode_done:True
text:A quick note that MiUSA(or any other first world country) does not mean ethical, there’s a very recent post about Canada Goose’s labor practices as well as a comment a couple days back in or GD thread of someone accidentally running into a sweatshop in NYC, and, ironically, the two brands you posted, Everlane and LAA, are good examples as well, Everlane is famous at this point for greenwashing and union busting and LAA has hd several complaints about their labour practices, as well as the owner...not being a good person	labels:I wish people understood this more. Well written.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 07, 2021	labels:I'm in a ambivalent state of mind right now. For a like over a year now I have been into streetwear. Baggy, oversized clothes with lots of prints and branding. This was my first period of taking clothing serious and feeling "fashionable". But one can only see so many of the "same" outfits.  I grew really tired of streetwear in the last couple of weeks but I'm scared to leave my comfort zone. I'm 20 years old but feel like dressing like a teenager. I really really like graphic tees if the prints are well done and If I would imagine dressing like lets say Tim Dessaint for example, who is not into graphics/"crazyness" at all, It would feel too "mature" for my age if that makes sense.  But at the very same time, I feel like im dressing too childish when wearing cargo pants + graphic tee.  Am I overthinking this?
text:Drakes has shawl in cashmere option. 1000 each though.	labels:That's the dream.	episode_done:True
text:It did directly compare it to American slavery, but yeah, I get your point. I guess they do that since when most people hear slavery they think of chattel slavery, which was incredibly brutal. What's happening now is a bit more iffy. Not only is it a lot less brutal, people aren't really owned 24/7, like a slave. People in Uzbekistan are (mostly were these days, as you read) forced to work at certain times of year, so they're temporary slaves, which just sounds kinda odd.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I'm almost disappointed they missed some of my favorite looks that look even more Sith/Jedi lol	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Brand MegaReview: Asket | February 6, 2021	labels:Oddly enough, I am wearing one of their hoody's as we speak, so it's a great time for my comments.  I actually interviewed one of their co-founders on my podcast, and decided to treat myself to one of their garments after being really impressed with their brand and company values. I wasn't sure what to expect in terms of product, but as soon as I unboxed the package, I instantly felt the quality in the weight of the hoody.   The organic cotton is soft to the touch, but there is substantial weight in the body of the hoody, which to me is exactly what I want in a garment that gives me comfort, especially in the winter.  I've only had the hoody for a month, but after 20 or so wears and the first wash, it looks like new, which is a great indicator of longevity.  Aside from the quality, I personally love everything Asket is about from an ethos perspective and have nothing but great things to say about my experience with them so far.  Five Stars, IMO.	episode_done:True
text:How often do you wash your clothes?	labels:Similar. Except I wash my jeans after 6-10 wears. I never had any issues with my denim getting damaged in a wash.	episode_done:True
text:I'm not arguing over it at all, though, I'm just using it as a lens. I focus on quality details, and then tell myself, oh, okay, I'm paying an extra 30% for syling? Or oh, this isn't exactly what I had in mind, but it's 80% cheaper than it should be? Hmmm...  There are a ton of factors left to consider, and I make each decision on a case-by-case basis. I'm not trying to calculate anything. But I find this lens very helpful.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:A Basic Guide to Useful Knitwear	labels:Do you guys ever wonder what the point of reddit is? All I see are articles about things I already look up. In a way I've already "read it" all. Actually, goodbye for now. This is enough internet for the week. Y'all have a good one.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 12, 2021	labels:if I treated sig others like I treat Acne Studios outerwear I would have had five Las Vegas weddings by now lol I can’t wait for this tweed overcoat to leave bc it’s just not working out
text:What Did You Recently Get Rid of From Your Closet (and How, Please Help Me Help Myself)	labels:I recently got rid of the warm toned clothes in my closet. I am very cool toned, so I looked really washed out when I wore these items. It was only like, 3 articles of clothing. But it was time to face the facts that even though its cute on the hanger, doesn’t mean it’ll flatter me. I also got rid of this shirt that was tailored pretty poorly in my opinion. It looked so boxy in the worst way. An easy throw away if you ask me.	episode_done:True
text:Thanks man! I’ve been a California kid my whole life so this should be an interesting change of pace. I hear you guys have something called “seasons”?	labels:Nooooo lol I moved up here last summer from the desert. Originally from the south. Experienced less distinct seasons here than the south. Also beware the lakes, they never get warm if you're used to actual summer swimming lol	episode_done:True
text:How many distinctly different outfits do you have?	labels:no-one is paying attention to what you wear day to day. when was the last time you thought “oh, this coworker wore the same outfit this week”?
text:What’s some of the best general advice you’d give to someone new to female fashion?	labels:Don't try too hard to fit into a style box or get too rigid about style rules. Be very honest with yourself about how something makes you feel as much as how it makes you look- and remember that being comfortable and confident makes literally any look 1000x better.  And for less woo woo advice- type of fabric makes a huge difference, the cheaper stuff usually isn't worth it. That's probably applicable to a lot more than women's clothes though.	episode_done:True
text:I think it can't hurt	labels:	episode_done:True
text:An Essay on the Navy Blazer with Brass Buttons	labels:I recognize you from Subtle Asian Fashion, I think we had a discussion a while back about baggy vs. fitted suits.
text:I saw a funny tiktok where everyone dressed as characters from Twilight. The girl dressed as Bella’s dad (Charlie? Bill?)  had me dying	labels:	episode_done:True
text:“I'm all locked down with nowhere to go – but that hasn't killed my lust for fashion”	labels:I'm still lusting over pretty fit and flare dresses even though I already purchased a couple of them online during the height of the lockdown last year. It's not like I'm going to be attending any events anytime soon. But I miss getting dressed up for stuff. It's too cold to wear dresses just for grocery shopping. I can't wear them around the house with a rambunctious nine month old kitten running around getting into constant mischief. But that doesn't stop from me from wanting to buy a couple more of them.	episode_done:True
text:I’m wishing i had those turtlenecks!!! I am a short gyal as well. Surprised to hear you found the coat fit you well. I’ve been hearing that the collection is generally oversized	labels:I am a fan of oversized clothing so that may be why! When people mention that something is too oversized I tend to think that it fits perfectly oversized. It is wider but it’s not too long so it doesn’t overwhelm my frame. A lot of the long oversized coats that hit the top of my ankles tend to wear me and not the other way around.	episode_done:True
text:When/why did you get your first really fancy purse/bag?	labels:I got my first fancy bag after calling off my wedding lol I figured it cost around the same amount as the dress I wouldn’t ever wear so why not? The woman at the LV store thought I was on drugs ... “are you celebrating something?” And I’m like as a matter of fact, yes, yes I am. I just lost a ton of money on a wedding but I dodged a bullet and left that POS. All she said was “well you can always make more money” anyway, I’m getting a Chanel bag for my next milestone birthday. Not sure which one but it’s gonna happen soon.
text:How do you dress for the (extreme) weather where you're from?	labels:Southern California summer: survive 119° in single-layer viscose, rayon, and cotton weave, with big lightweight billowy sun kimonos to keep the radiation from slow cooking the long pork right off of your little soup bones. The billowier the better -- I'm talking sleeves like an emperor, pant legs like you're riding out to drive the cattle back to the barn -- you generate your own tiny airflow vectors. Keep a puffy and some slipper boots in your car because if you wanna watch the sun set over the ocean, your stupid idiot desert body can no longer regulate and you're huddled near death at 65° and windy.  Brooklyn winter: lightweight to midweight merino wool underlayers, because sweating in your synthetics on the train will make you smell like Manhattan. Your black merino turtleneck is literally your best friend and you would kill and die for it. Don't put your cold feet into your winter-weight wool socks because they will stay that way. Put em in a hot sink first if you have to. Also, if you wear your cute boots you will step on slushy shit of indeterminate origin and that's life in the big city, baby. Pick a coat that comes down pretty far because that river wind tunneling through the city architecture will send the kiss of death UP your cervix. Free instant sterilization though! And don't forget your lip balm.
text:2020 in Hindsight: A Year in Fashion — Die, Workwear!	labels:Even better than usual. Thanks, Derek!	episode_done:True
text:Squeakquel	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I made the mistake of buying dusty pink gym leggings once... followed by a horrifying gym session where every time I spotted myself in the mirror I looked naked from the waist down.  They went straight to the charity shop!	labels:HAHA I have a pair of Fabletics leggings that I call my "flesh pants" because I basically look naked	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 20	labels:Looking to improve my wardobe. I sometimes buy some repclothes/sneakers but am looking to build a basic simple wardrobe. Where can I find a list of basic staples clothing? I feel like my current wardrobe is very outdated. My job is pretty casual.	episode_done:True
text:Yes very understandable. There is great value in every tier. This is one example of jumping straight to the high end once I found the details that I liked after experimenting with gap/uniqlo/entry-level  denim.	labels:Fair enough. What frequency do you replace jeans at that tier?
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - February 14, 2021	labels:Hey, is anyone familiar with old Taylor Stitch bottoms sizing (like 2013-2014)? Was it true to size, or did they always have vanity sizing? Thanks!	episode_done:True
text:How to look elegant without looking old?	labels:Step 1. Be rich  Step 2. NO COLORS or prints ever	episode_done:True
text:Bolero album because it's here whether you like it or not	labels:I'm currently breastfeeding, and all of these make me think of maternity clothes. They all seem to say, "how can we add a layer of warmth while still keeping the girls accessible." That said, some of them look really good.	episode_done:True
text:Let's talk the impact of fragrance on perception of style! How much does a person's fragrance affect your impression of them? Do you choose perfume with this in mind? What are some of your favourites?	labels:Someone recently posted on the fragrance subreddit about how they started the day in sweats but once they put on one of their strong sexy perfumes they described it as “the scent taking over” and forcing them to change into a super cool outfit, and throughout the day the scent kept inspiring them to do more like add red lipstick, etc even though they weren’t leaving the house. I thought that was so cool how the scent inspired her to express herself!	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 20, 2020	labels:Does anyone know where I can find T shirts that feel and fit like the track shirt/tri blend American Apparel shirys)	episode_done:True
text:White/Light Denim Jacket Inspo Album	labels:First guy in the album lowkey looking like Orange Cassidy.	episode_done:True
text:The Terribly High Cost of Cheap Goods	labels:For a long time I have been wondering whether there is a website where one could browse different brands and the workers’ rights, climate impact etc. of their production lines. Does anyone know if such a thing exists?	episode_done:True
text:Styling suggestions: Have an item you don’t know how to wear? Comment here and let someone style it for you!	labels:Just bought a Stetson Clapton hat. I was drunk and had my paycheck. I don't regret the purchase just don't know what to wear it with.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- November 08	labels:What are your favorite IG accounts to follow that post primarily summer fits?  Seems like most IG accounts post winter / fall fits year round that involve layering. Do you have any favorites who post primarily fits for hot weather ? Would love some inspo, thanks!	episode_done:True
text:Hiking Aesthetic - Functionality vs. Fashion	labels:Thank you for all the feedback, guys! I may have misworded my question — I always place functionality above fashion when doing intensive hikes (1-2 times a week, 10+ miles with good elevation gain), I more meant inspiration for “hiking/outdoorsy” aesthetic in everyday life :)
text:And rewatch gossip girl for some inspo!	labels:Haha yes!	episode_done:True
text:For the parents of girls	labels:I don’t have kids, but I really loved how my mom handled it, and plan to do something similar: I had a clothing “budget” for each year, and I was free to ask for money for anything I wanted as long as it fit into the budget (or I could use my pocket money). I just had to keep receipts, and subtract the cost when we got home. Besides cutting down on “you don’t really need this” arguments, I actually ended up learning some useful lessons from the process—in order to set my budget for the year, it was my job to figure out what I needed and lay out a proposal, which was negotiating practice (my sister and I competed to see who could get a bigger one approved!), and we had to use Excel to log everything. I might’ve whined a bit about the process in the moment, but now I see that it was a neat strategy, and I’m grateful for it.
text:Hair accessories - professional or should be saved for casual environments?	labels:I think hair accessories in the workplace are fine as long as they're deployed thoughtfully. Nice scrunchies and those slightly high profile headbands can work pretty well when combined with a polished outfit and subtle jewelry (or more creative outfits and jewelry if your office is more casual). I work for a nonprofit that straddles a few different different fields (economic and business dev, higher ed, entrepreneurship, etc) so I interact with a wide range of dress codes and dress code interpretations.   I'd love to wear more headbands but I'm a whiner with a huge head and they pinch too badly to get through a work day; I love the look of the almost turban-styled headbands though and don't think they're automatically off limits for a biz caz office. But then I've worn a black scarf scrunchie to work on a sleek ponytail with a sleek turtleneck and skirt outfit, and I semi-regularly deploy interesting clips (geometric, tortoiseshell, or single jewel bobby pins).	episode_done:True
text:Snow Peak Fall/Winter 2020	labels:I am extremely intimidated by the last photo and the crying baby photo	episode_done:True
text:I've had mine for about 4 years and use it regularly while riding my bike on rainy days. Haven't had anything get wet inside yet.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Stylish ways to carry emergency medication?	labels:I tuck my epi-pen into my sock  It can be uncomfortable if you don't find the sweet spot next to your ankle but when you do it's barely noticable	episode_done:True
text:Ignore the BS about chinos, they just don't know better.   I think a step below ocbds is flannels and denim/chambray shirts.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Patent is generally reserved for black tie or military dress uniforms. If you want the same shiny effect, you can learn to put a mirror shine on calfskin leather. Nothing will make you feel quite as proud as you first mirror shine!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What is your go to/favourite belt?	labels:My go to is Sezane’s Artemis belt. Literally wear it about 4 or 5 times a week
text:Spend $250 on a good replica bag or Tory Burch?	labels:Coach has really upped their game the past few years and you can get a really good quality genuine leather bag that could last a long time. They also have relatively good sales around holidays!  I personally wouldn’t dip into the Michael Kors / Kate Spade of it all unless you get it from the outlets. I’ve found their bags can sometimes be made with cheaper materials and don’t last as long.  I do really like the Rebecca Minkoff bags I’ve had.
text:Inspo Album - Random Assortment of Fall 2020 Trends	labels:As a quilter I am *really* into those quilted jackets and I’m thrilled to see some color and pattern hopefully creeping their way back into the mainstream!  But can we talk about that Deadpool getup in the first pic?
text:Shinies From the Past - or, What to do with Gifts from Past Relationships?	labels:I just went through this - I held on to two beautiful gold Tiffany necklaces and a diamond solitaire bracelet from an ex of 6 years. I loved them but no matter how hard I tried I couldn't wear them and not think of that relationship (which didn't end on awful terms, I had just moved on). I sold them all recently on Poshmark.  It kind of stings and feels bittersweet because they were beautiful, but I used the money to invest in something new, to me from me. Now I can wear it without any weird memory strings attached. Feels kind of freeing honestly!	episode_done:True
text:Just how revolutionary is Harry Styles’ Vogue cover?	labels:The article hit all the points I was thinking except one. Why Harry? Why do we all look at Harry Styles when talking about revolutionary men's fashion when there are so many others who've done it before and are doing it right now. Just a thought.
text:How would you describe the quality of self-knit/self-made clothes vs. store bought?	labels:I am a sewist with just over 1 year if experience, and my handmade clothes are without a doubt better quality than fast fashion store bought, comparable or better than mid-range (ie I always fully line things, I use French seams or bias bound seams and hand picked zippers rather than overlocker seam finishes as you get in almost all store bought clothes) and I wouldn't know about high end because I don't shop anywhere that fancy. The difference for me is I now spend the money on high quality fabric - organic cotton, 100% sandwashed linen, hemp and bull denim, tencel and lyocell blends etc. Often even mid to higher end clothes are not made with the highest quality natural fibers and it really makes a difference in wear and tear. I also use good quality thread which makes a big difference. Because I only sew for myself, I can take as long as I want doing beautiful seam finishes, fitting garments correctly, and more. My home sewn clothes get worn daily and I have to admit its really ruined shopping for me, even op shopping, because now my standards for fit, fabric and finish are quite high. I'm in no way a professional, simply someone who loves to sew and feels she deserves the clothes of her dreams. I do treat my clothing kindly though - I wash less, hang dry and repair or repurpose what I can.	episode_done:True
text:What is your favourite item from a discount brand?	labels:I have a 10+ year old floral dress from Kohl’s. It magically works for any occasion, doesn’t wrinkle, and needs no special care.  Works for a pool coverup, a bike ride, and a wedding. It also magically works across size fluctuations. I have gone 2 up and 2 down and it still looked cute.
text:But that's the right amount	labels:	episode_done:True
text:A Bespoke Shirtmaker On How A Shirt Should Fit	labels:Sleeves are my eternal issue with shirts, and why for so long I opted for short sleeve shirts. So often with RTW shirts the cuffs are so big they start sliding down my hand (looking at you, Charles Tyrwhitt). If they have a second button quite often it makes a dip in a bit rather than the complete circle and often still goes down my hand enough that the cuff bends when I move my hands. So many RTW shirts also have their sleeves a bit too short for me (kind of acceptable considering overly large cuffs). Some end up being too tight in the upper sleeve, painfully cutting into my arms if I reach forward (looking at you again, Charles Tyrwhitt) no matter the size. I don't remember shirts doing this in the past so perhaps an issue since I gained weight.	episode_done:True
text:Coveteur: An Ode to the Striped Shirt	labels:I love the look but I feel like these shirts just make be look wider.	episode_done:True
text:Ha, here's me with my Gloverall duffle coat with a Patagonia down jacket on my long term wishlist. Definitely worth checking out eBay or their online outlet.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Echoing common projects! My go-to is comme des garçons x converse though	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Let's talk about Fall!!!	labels:Well it's technically the same weather as in July and August, but I have been wearing beanies, boots and sweaters and carrying a steaming coffee much in both hands with nails done in fall colours since exactly four days. Because iT's sEpTEmbEr.	episode_done:True
text:that's how I felt too	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 02, 2020	labels:I’m 6’2 187 lbs, any idea as to what size I should get for the Canada Goode Emory Slim Fit? I don’t like my coats short (ending above my waist area), but I don’t like them very long either (past my mid-thigh). Thanks for the input!	episode_done:True
text:What are a few items that you feel are essential when planning a wardrobe?	labels:Well-fitting, comfortable underthings!	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Ghost Outfit	labels:Very pleased to be forever wearing a black turtleneck and high waisted jeans, with a tasteful smattering of dog hair. I died from internal torment about enjoying beloved Halloween while being terribly excited for Christmas, simultaneously ignoring Thanksgiving completely. They call me the Witch of the Seasonal Decor Department and I haunt that one particular aisle where the Halloween costumes budge up against the Christmas lights and the last clearance grills from the summer. To avoid my wrath, bring me a seasonal beverage from the in-store Starbucks. Gingerbread latte is probs a safe choice of offering.	episode_done:True
text:What was your first 'expensive' fashion purchase?	labels:Something about the heal being longer than the boot body enrages me.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 03, 2020	labels:I just heard a new phrase today: "thought leadership" (in an art/literature context). I don't know whether that's just dean for "influencer", but it's the creepiest newspeak I've seen in a while.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 15, 2020	labels:What is the best place to buy leather laces for sneakers? (I live in montenegro so online shops that are in europe would be best)	episode_done:True
text:FAQ: What is the difference between off the rack (OTR), made to measure (MTM) and Bespoke?	labels:OTR - clothing is made according to an existing pattern for different sizes.  MTM - clothing is made from a pattern that exists but may be modified for size or some details Bespoke - clothing is made from a custom pattern	episode_done:True
text:Winter jackets that are good for skiing and casual use?	labels:Dont go crazy on a jacket.  The key for skiing is layers and you can get a lot of layers that work well in other settings.   A decent base layer:  you can go merino or if you are on a budget milsurp poly pro.  A fleece over that.  Next layer is a beefier jacket.  Right now I have a half zip Patagonia that is poly insulated.  Then get a waterproof(ish) layer.  You have a lot of options but I usually run with a marmot precip.  It's cheap, has pit zips and folds up way smaller than a hard shell. That combo will cover you skiing 90%of the time and let you adjust depending o N conditions. Flexibility is the key.  Take the money you save and get some good socks and gloves/mittens and some type of balaclava.  No one ever came off of the mountain because their chest was cold but it was their hands/feet/face.
text:Maybe because my feed is a lot of plus size/fat bodies, but I find this type of thinking terribly depressing. I won't pretend that terms like "effortless" are meant for us, but it also can feel even more exclusionary in a way when I see other fat people being like "never will I be considered to look this good!! no matter the effort I put in!!!".	labels:I think the point is just that the idea of "effortless" is completely void and that's best demonstrated through the fact that it crumbles completely when applied to a fat body. It's not the body, it's the concept.  Because it's not *actually* about the clothes, or about the attitude, or about any of that. It's literally just the thin, desirable body.  You can put sweatpants on it and call it "athleisure", you can wrap it in clingfilm and call it "sexy", or you can drape a burlap sack on it and call it "high fashion", but that's just people projecting bullshit concepts on a desirable body.   None of these things seem to exist or stand on their own, *unless* they're on a thin, conventionally "hot" body. When sweatpants are on Kendall, it's "athleisure". When they're on my lumpy thighs, they're just sloppy. When Glossier "makeup" is on a 17 year old model is cool and "effortless", when it's on an uggo, it's just...uggo.   It's not at all about the plus size bodies being somehow less than. Plus size bodies are not the problem. These meaningless concepts are the problem and it's in no way a negative reflection on the bodies, when the concept disintegrates on them.	episode_done:True
text:Which color palette do you hate wearing?	labels:All the fucking beige and oatmeal shades that have plagued fashion in the last decade. So ready for something with a little more life to it.
text:Creative pragmatism light	labels:Do they recommend any style icons to look at for inspitation? I’d like to see examples of people they consider follow these rules but aren’t them/don’t necessarily wear head to toe Tibbi
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 14, 2021	labels:Is it possible for my suit jackets to be tailored to have more room in the chest and shoulders?  I've been hitting the gym and gained 40lbs since I got my suits 3 years ago. My waist has only increased by a couple inches, but my chest, shoulders and arms are a lot bigger. My suit jackets are very tight in these areas.  Is it normal to take a suit jacket to a tailor and ask for alterations like this, or will they look at me like I'm crazy?
text:2020 Fall Fit Battle - Superlative	labels:Most Timeless	episode_done:True
text:And your comment helps... how?  This article is focused on the vintage Andrew Marc. Have you owned one? The leather is terrific quality for the price, if you know which style releases to look for. The fact that recent production is a notable drop in quality means you can find "gems" in older releases. If you think that's a joke, then the only reason why you're here is to troll.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:People with crazy hair, how do you plan your outfits to go with your hair color?	labels:My hair is bright purple now, and has been blue.  I do adjust what I wear with it- reds or oranges can look overwhelming- but still dress pretty brightly! I stick to cool colors + neutrals (white, black, grey) so nothing clashes overmuch with the hair, and try not to wear the *exact* shade of purple as a shirt or dress (then I look like a crayon).  Wearing just black and white tends to glam me up a bit, at which point the hair acts as a bold accessory.	episode_done:True
text:Are jean shorts on men really that bad?	labels:I don't think they look bad, I just find the concept weird.  It's summer, it's hot so you're wearing shorts, but the shorts are made from denim which is a hot and sweaty material. It's an oxymoron to me, like have you got your legs out to stay cool or have you got the denim on to stay warm? What's going on here?
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - February 17, 2021	labels:Can I wear a short sleeve button up shirt on a dinner date?  I've had 3-4 dates with this girl and worn all my smart casual long sleeve shirts, so I either wear short sleeve tonight or repeat one of the long sleeve... or wear a polo shirt. Thoughts?  Context: it's summer here, I'll wear with black jeans and boots
text:I don't.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 17, 2020	labels:Which makes my feet look bigger? : Low top Calfskin or Slip on Calfskin?  I mean Sneakers
text:Organizing Closet: Help!	labels:I suggest organizing and developing categories based on how you work through creating an outfit. Do you need to see items to choose them? If yes, maybe focus on hanging the items you need to see. When you go to pick out a top, how do you decided what you are looking for? Is it color, sleeve length, pattern? Do you mentally group crop tops in the same category as other shirts, or do you specifically look for crop tops? Have you designated some items as work clothes or more formal clothes vs casual? Group your clothing in the categories you put thing into in your head, even if they wouldn't make sense to others (it's your closet after all).     For example, when I'm picking out shirts think about sleeve length and pattern, and I need to see and feel the shirt to make a final decision on what to wear. For what ever reason, sorting by color isnt as big of a priority, but whether I want to wear stripes, plaid, floral, or solid is. So my shirts are hung, divided by sleeve length, then arranged by pattern (like patterns together). I also have separated out my formal clothes and my gold clothes, as those are only used at specific times and dont need to be visually cluttering my daily wardrobe.	episode_done:True
text:I love heavy knits, I have way too many. I hear you, even though I'm in Southern Ontario.  It's 8 degrees (46) here, and all my windows are open so I don't sweat too much in my North Sea Clothing Diver.	labels:I have a lot of knits too. Cardigans, crewneck, turtleneck. I even recently got a 10 ply SEH Kelly crewneck that was said to wear only on the coldest days... It is shit that the temperature keeps rising over the years. :(
text:Junya Watanabe FW/2021	labels:I've heard Junya's clothes described as having a kind of sincerity. That's always seemed very apt to me, although it's hard to say exactly why.	episode_done:True
text:100% this. This whole "truly wealthy people are classy" narrative that's so popular here is so incorrect.	labels:It might be tied in with old money/new money. New money might (like the kardashians) dress more loud, old money might dress more subtle. But even then, it's still a matter of personal taste. The Kardashians and other non rich people enjoy the loud look, that's fine, other rich and regular people don't, that's also fine.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - February 14, 2021	labels:Hi guys, I don't know much about fashion and sometimes I think I dress I a little dopey, but is it okay to wear a muscle fit jacket (bought from asos) if I don't have muscles? Even with no muscles it looks like it hugs my arms a little and that accentuates the skinny arms. My chest and shoulders are pretty wide I think in comparison. Sorry if I don't make sense. Thanks for your answers.	episode_done:True
text:Is it just me, or does it seem like the clothes being sold since the pandemic began have become very limited?	labels:If you liked what you bought last year why can't you just wear that again?	episode_done:True
text:What was your "how in the name of all that is holy did this end up in a thrift store" find?	labels:It’s less about the value of the item and more about the stars aligning perfectly.  I wear a size 12-13W shoe, plus other things that make my feet really hard to fit, so I am used to buying formalwear to match the one maybe two pairs of formal shoes I own at any given time.  So when I was 17 and going to prom in 2006, my mom tried really hard to help me find shoes, any shoes, that were suitable. But we could only find casual flats or runners, and I realllly wanted to dress up nicely for the first real time in my life. So she said “you know what, let’s buy a dress and then we will just have to find a way.”  So I picked out a black and pale pink dress that just made me swoon, and I figured black heels would be easiest to find. Lol I was so young and stupid.  Anyway we searched high and low right up until the week of prom, we drove to the US from Canada and looked there and I still couldn’t find a pair of heels that fit enough to buy and I decided I’d just wear uncomfy like always and deal with it.   Then I randomly walked into a thrift store and saw on the shoe rack a pair of pink heels in the exact shade of pink on my dress, with black trim. Picked them up, size 12W. They fit like they were made for me.   Wore them until they broke three years ago.
text:Shitpost Saturday: Grandma's Gift	labels:Bless Grandma, she tries so hard. She bought me sweaters and scarves from her favorite retailer, Old Navy. How do I tell Grandma I only wear fair trade clothing hand-sewn by American artisans made only of textiles spun from the manna of heaven lest they leave any impact upon the earth?!  (In seriousness, they were from my MIL, who is INCREDIBLY sweet and always makes an effort to pick out clothes in colors she has noticed are either my favorites or will complement them well. The gift is that she’s noticed that!)	episode_done:True
text:I feel like showing off the logo is more of a poor person trying to look rich thing. Truly wealthy people don't try to show off like that. Also, a lot of the purses with very prominent logos are fugly.	labels:Truly wealthy people wear whatever they want because they don't have anything to prove or disprove. The Kardashians are very rich yet they have no problem wearing leggings and a t-shirt or being all decked out in Balmain, Gucci, LV.
text:As the great philosopher said, "be the change you want to see in the [sub]"	labels:Yeah I would be down to post it. I didn't know if I was allowed to hijack a recurring thread like that as a lowly end-user.
text:Dressing 'out of time' (vintage/history bounding)	labels:Back when I still had a waist, I'd pair my Edwardian-ish skirts with turtlenecks, to kind of tone down the vibe a little, but I threw cardigans over them, so things weren't *too* modern.	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album - Statement Sweaters	labels:That chonky boy.	episode_done:True
text:How to build a style with a limited outlet?	labels:Volume (a lot of items) and access (lots of designer things) doesn't create personal style. Personal style creates personal style, and it is a huge spectrum of things. There is no "one up" in personal style when it is authentic and your own. You'd simply appreciate all the style around you as its own, and appreciate and focus on your own style and look. Most people on social media have tacky, pointless style. They're wearing clothing, etc. for likes and clicks. The problem with this is that it means you're always cycling through what generates likes and clicks - not what is unique and stylish about you. You don't need new clothes. You don't need to change. You need to recognize your style and own it, and find the validation in it how it comes versus mirroring/measuring it to someone who is operating for validation and attention.	episode_done:True
text:Hiking or hippy.  Solomons/techwool socks/Cargo shorts/hoody with a Weed brand logo/ Tech shell.  Bonus points for incorporating caribiners or a fanny pack.	labels:Well, I do own a caribiner and some hiking-appropriate socks... That's about it. Oh well.	episode_done:True
text:Well Said! Totally Not! Should really get that newest Guess Dress just because it's got GUESS printed on the top to bang it right in the face. nonoo, I really don't like the big label things, but I can understand that you want it and I'll buy one too if it's nice and sexy and unique. But not because it's guess.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:UPDATE: I think I fixed it!  Looks like imgur doesn't like "https://" at the beginning of links, they seem to work now.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Throwback Thursday: Revisiting "A Primer on Materials"	labels:I think the guide goes into just enough depth to present the main pros and cons of various fabrics well without being overwhelmingly technical, but as it's currently organized they're all throughout the guide. My suggestion would be to leave the paragraphs describing the fabrics, but maybe include a separate pros and cons table to easily see that information. What I'm not sure on is the best way to divide it up - natural vs semi-synthetic vs synthetic? Or just alphabetically?	episode_done:True
text:Depending on where you are in the Baltic, I'd encourage you to look into local artisan's fibercrafts, especially for accessories. There's a rich knitting and yarn crafting history there, and some of the work can be very delicate and beautiful.   For extra cold days, I'd recommend silk thermal undergarments. The silk should keep you warm, and any wool trousers from getting too static-y.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:im in grad school and basically just live on zoom atm. i still put on a suit once a week to like...mix it up?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:More Men Reach for Sewing Machines	labels:Started learning how to sew due to having much more free time during the pandemic and it’s really become an obsession. So far I’ve made a T-shirt, a crossbody bag and just finished my first button-up shirt yesterday. It’s really deepened my appreciation for how clothes/bags and other things are constructed, all the work that goes into creating things, and fashion as an artistic pursuit.
text:why are men's clothing generally not as expensive and better quality?	labels:The fabric content and construction methods  selected for menswear tend to be more durable (wool, Tweed, twill, cotton/cotton blend, denim, tencil, natural and synthetic suiting). It is also considered feminine to buy a broader range of colors and lighter weight fabrics so most retailers don't get trendier colors and fabric weights when stocking menswear because they don't think it will sell. It's more to do with risk aversion and gender assumptions than planned obsolescence.   I did menswear design in school and now that I'm learning to sew for myself, it's very challenging. Women's garments have more variety, but the weight of many of the fabrics with better drape are pretty flimsy.	episode_done:True
text:How to Talk About Collared Shirts	labels:I wear a lot of grey flannel trousers for a while and I'm looking to add some texturred casual shirts to my wardrobe. Would a seersucker shirt or heavy irish linen shirt look bad with flannel trouses since they are usualy asociated with different seasons?  Any recommended shirting for flannel trousers?
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 21, 2020	labels:Favorite slippers? I like to keep my feet cozy.	episode_done:True
text:Haha, same with the baggy clothes outfits! I'm currently on the look out for some cargo pants and some staple shirts because mine are either super plain tees or graphics.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Reliable brands to buy in South America - Americans your opinions please!	labels:Are you willing to import from abroad?   The most decent stuff you can get could be from GAP, Brooks Brothers or Polo Ralph Lauren  Still South America has a lot of countries and cities, where do you live?  Im in Lima, Peru and its vastly different than Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
text:How do you care for your expensive/fragile pieces?	labels:Hang drying pants upside down allows the weight of the waistband to pull out wrinkles as the pants dry. It is basically magic. Just match up the pant leg openings using the inseam to align them in the pants hanger clips.    Edited for clarity	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Corduroy	labels:Any recommendations for dark brown/chocolate cord pants?	episode_done:True
text:How has your style grown/changed since before quarantine?	labels:I have a lot of “casual Friday” and more casual items that I didn’t wear much because I wore workwear four days a week, but we are back to the office and somehow our dress code has unofficially relaxed. Our higher-ups and clients are based in bigger cities and don’t come to see us anymore. 😊 It has allowed me to wear some of my more casual pieces more often, to work. My favourite new “work appropriate” pieces are leather leggings, dark jeans, and my corduroy miniskirt (with tights). Most bottoms.	episode_done:True
text:Inspiration has to come from somewhere: The Burglyfe	labels:Everyone in KC knows #14	episode_done:True
text:I had this coworker. She was Ukrainian and looked amazing every day. Told me I was so pretty but why were my nails bare? Hair not done? Clothes all black? You are a WOMAN, she said.   She always seemed so impressed by each individual change that I kept going. Weekly manicures, nonblack clothing (I discovered that I look great in red!), tasteful makeup. People around the office were gossiping that I was trying to find a man. "No, a man is looking for HER!", she told them.   Then suddenly she disappeared. Quit over the phone and changed her number. I like to think she was an angel in a very impressionable time for me, but I think she might have just had issues with her work visa.	labels:I can also claim an impeccably dressed Ukrainian woman as my fashion muse. I never quite stepped up to her level but she helped clean me up.	episode_done:True
text:Advice for: Business Casual for Pediatric & Adult home visits	labels:I second quarter zips sweaters, long sleeve polo shirt with a sturdy collars and cardigans for the ease of laying and quickly changing in and out of with the buttons.  For pants chinos and stain resistant pants help with working around kids.   You’ll probably be bending and moving around a lot so I would go with clothes that are durable and can withstand being washed every day or two for sanitation.  Thrift stores and budget tfriendly stores like Uniqlo, target, and kohls are your friends.	episode_done:True
text:Winx style, a nostalgia trip	labels:Ahhhh thank you for taking the time to do this! I was obsessed with Winx as a kid and was initially SO excited when I heard they were making a live action version (partially because I feel like we are having such a good fashion moment rn where they really could have done the amazing Winx styles justice) but then when I saw that mess of a trailer? They look like they’re wearing the most basic clothes girls wore at my mistake of a Christian college, the removed girls, and *please* do not get me started on the white washing of some of my faves!!! What a major bummer! But your albums brought me joy and also some ideas for my own wardrobe lol!	episode_done:True
text:What do you get tailored?	labels:Take a similar shirt of different fabric in to get tailored and see how your like the experience and their workmanship. Then bring silk shirts in to ask if they think they can improve the fit neatly.  Honestly anytime someone says silk is hard to work with, I roll my eyes. Maybe it is for people with less experience with it the first time they sew it. But I am not by any stretch of the imagination a skilled seamstress (I would say I am an intermediate hobby sewist), and I love silk of all kinds.  My sister (who is actually a pro) says the same thing about stretch. Even very experienced sewists sometimes avoid stretch out of fear or describe it as very difficult, but she laughs because she taught herself to sew by fitting her jersey t shirts in high school to be tighter. It just takes a little experience and the right tools.   If it’s all chiffon, or any other very gauzy loose weave, THAT can be a bitch, because it just morphs into a different shape before your eyes, but even then, a few darts or tucks or a hem should be no big deal for a tailor even on chiffon. And that’s more about how the weave behaves, not the fiber, so it also applies to polyester chiffon, cotton gauze, power mesh, etc. Plus, the garment is already cut and constructed, so it’s not going to move around much if you don’t take it apart and rebuild it.	episode_done:True
text:Fashion Favorites	labels:Silk shirts <3   Sometimes if I'm having a particularly anxious day I'll just go stand in my closet and *touch everything.* It soothes me.
text:Nicholas Daley Fall/Winter 2020	labels:What’s the point of runway shows in the context of this sub?  Edit: NVM the mod sticky explains it pretty well.	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Black Like Your Soul (and wardrobe) Friday	labels:I confess, I committed the most heinous of acts. I didn’t buy anything because I am a POOR. I would normally partake regardless, and regret it exactly 47 minuets later when the instant gratification wore off but this year I am extra a POOR. Forgive me.
text:Tony Hsieh, Zappos Luminary Who Revolutionized the Shoe Business, Dies at 46	labels:This is really sad. I think he is a great example of  a digital retail entrepreneur who really satisfied a genuine customer need and also, reputedly, looked after his team. He truly deserved his success, imho. Huge loss.	episode_done:True
text:Category is: Pants on the Runway - Inspo Album	labels:Love the album, HATE the fact that I'm internally screaming "IT'S CALLED HEMMING TRY IT SOMETIME" throughout it.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 22, 2020	labels:So uh...capes.
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Single Origin	labels:Didn’t get a chance to go through the thread yesterday as I was crying about Touchdown Tom winning another stupid dumb dumb bowl game. Great stuff all around!	episode_done:True
text:Preach!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What is your favorite under-the-radar leather handbags / brand?	labels:Hemlock & Hyde. Great brand aesthetic. All handmade by a husband & wife team based in Pennsylvania using vegetable tanned leather only	episode_done:True
text:Thanks, Wahwah!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:When your personality and aesthetic don't quite match?	labels:Lololol what is his style? Tell him to get a life.	episode_done:True
text:ana luisa just did a silver line and gorjana has some delicate pieces for good prices.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I was just watching a bunch of Seinfeld episodes with my kids and took some mental notes on Jerry’s style. He kind of has a uniform consisting of a baggy OCBD (often in unusual bold or pastel colors) tucked into slim-fitting jeans. The current oversized trend doesn’t really replicate what Jerry is doing with his shirt fits, as his button-down is generally too big all around — his shoulder seams often extend well past his natural shoulder and his pit-to-pit is a full 4 inches or larger than his natural chest. Check out the J. Crew 1994 line, which uses patterns from around that time period and can capture that billowy silhouette. The jeans are probably just Levi’s.  For outerwear, LL Bean and Eddie Bauer capture the vaguely outdoorsy casual vibes he usually gives off, things like barn coats and parkas. You never see him in a sleek wool topcoat.  When Jerry is performing, he’s usually in a loose-fitting sportcoat with big shoulder pads — your best bet there would be to look at vintage Gucci from the 90s on the secondhand sites.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Corduroy overalls sound adorable! Where do you like to shop?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Start with shoes and bags/accessories! This is what I did when I started growing out of my younger fashion. It makes it easy to update an outfit and eventually led me to wanting to update to nicer things as I went along. I feel like clothing is a slow collection, don't buy everything at once. Find a couple things you like and that you wear consistently and start to add as you go. So many times I convinced myself that I would wear something and it wound up in the back of my closet so just make sure you take your time!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do you know if a piece of clothing is worth its price?	labels:I used to work for a wholesale company and know how much some items are marked up buy our clients and that has ruined shopping for me. So I say, don’t depend on the brand but on the item itself. I actually have shopped at YesStyle for some tees and I like the quality cause they are thicker than the tees in the US.	episode_done:True
text:Clarks Released a "Desert Boot 2" - They Look Pretty Nice, What does Everybody Think?	labels:Not an improvement in my view. Something about the plasticky looking sole doesn't sit right.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 22, 2020	labels:Best brands of chelsea boots in the UK, budget STRICTLY limited to £150	episode_done:True
text:I mean, if it's used does environmental production really matter anymore?	labels:I mean when it comes to washing it! Fleece sheds a bunch of tiny fibers when you wash it.
text:What did people *actually* wear in 2000's?	labels:From 2001-2005, clothing I wore as a high schooler/college kid: low rise bootcut jeans, fitted graphic tshirts, fitted polo shirts, fitted shirts in general (shirts were so tight- maybe that’s why we layered??), always layering shirts- and shirts were super long and over your hips, but tight- never tucking them in, cutoff denim skirts, cotton shorts (like soffees) with words on the butt, necklace with my first initial on it, platform flip flops, dresses with Hawaiian prints (like flowers or surfers etc), hoop earrings, fitted hoodies. That’s what I can remember.
text:I Spent $600 on T-Shirts to Find the Best One	labels:Ledgend 100%	episode_done:True
text:Excercises for personal style	labels:Since I don't go shopping anymore, I've started using Pinterest more. Specifically though, I have three boards: one for looks that I like and would wear and would look good in, one is for looks that I like but they don't feel like me or would look terrible, and one for ones that might look "objectively" good but I hate.   This has been a helpful exercise because, traditionally, I'll buy something if it looks good on me. But there's a lot of stuff that I can pull off that doesn't feel like me, or stuff that looks good that isn't for me, and being able to sharpen my eye and be more discerning helps.
text:What's your fashion miracle?	labels:Well I just got a new job that is more corporate (worked in software office previously), and I needed a fashion update. I’m sure it’s not everyone’s style, but I found a bunch of basically new stuff at a thrift shop for $2 a piece the other day: an Eileen Fisher silk undershirt, 2 Eileen Fisher all-wool pants, 2 Pendleton blazers, 1 pair of Pendleton slacks, an all-wool Valerie Stevens jacket, a cashmere shrug, a virgin wool sweater, an angora sweater, and 2 pashmina scarves. I also found 2 pairs of life strides heels in my size for $.50 each. It was a good day.   But that’s not all!   I popped in to the mall after, and the New York & Company was closing. Everything was 70-90% off. Normally I wouldn’t shop there because of the quality / age target, but they had a decent collection of accompanying items I could wear with nice blouses. Got 2 ginormous sacks of clothes for about $200. About 10 pairs of pants, 3 pairs of shoes, 2 earring sets, 3 blazers, 4 cardigans, 2 dresses, and 5 tops. Noice.  I was really worried I’d need to spend a fortune on updating my wardrobe. I was so relieved I caught a break.
text:What's the craziest item you've bought during quarantine?	labels:It’s not.. an article of clothing? But I bought a sewing machine to make clothes when I don’t really know how to sew. So that’s a pretty ridiculous purchase tbh.
text:I dyed my leather boots and here is how it went.	labels:I have dyed leather before, from a light caramel to a darker walnut colour. I just used a liquid leather dye thst you just painted on and left to dry, adding additional costs as needed. It was a bit like the pigment you get in show polish but liquid.  I've been looking for some again as I have a handbag that I love but it needs a little tlc.	episode_done:True
text:Fall 2020 Fit Battle - Elite 8 - Discussion	labels:JJJJJJOOOOOOEEEEELLLLLLLL  I think most of my decisions this round were based on something that really stands out as special more than just a very well put together outfit. Not sure how the lurker hordes feel here though. Somehow out-there stuff seems less out-there when we get to later rounds.
text:Turtlenecks as a Base Layer - Inspiration Album	labels:Just a comment on the pics: thx for not putting people in fake poses and instead just taking the pic while they look at the camera, it's so much more real.	episode_done:True
text:Clark's Wallabees	labels:I loved my wallabees, but the way my foot falls when I walk tore down the sole super fast. They became really uncomfortable and slanted my feet.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 15, 2021	labels:Am I the only one that doesn't see how the Teddy jacket would give off peaked in high school lettermen jacket vibes like all the lurkers that were clearly bullied by jocks are claiming?  Obviously it's inspired by letterman jackets, but removing the contrasting leather sleeves and not having a TGI Friday's wall's worth of shit stitched onto it completely changes the vibe. I don't know, maybe I just associate it more with rockstar because it's an SLP piece and Alex Turner was the first celebrity I saw a photo of wearing it.
text:What are your favorite colorful brands?	labels:State the Label	episode_done:True
text:What's your fashion miracle?	labels:I passed on buying "THE" Zara dress last summer because where I am the markup is crazy, I tried it on but ultimately decided I couldn't justify the equivalent of around €60 for shit material, and it's not like Zara's poor business practices are a secret.  Recently, I started thinking about it again, how it would be great for work/some (COVID responsible) events I've been to recently.  I figured it's almost a year out of season, people must be bored of it by now, there are no thrift shops where I am so I took a chance on eBay and nabbed it for €20, it's in the post on the way to me and I'm feeling quite chuffed with myself.	episode_done:True
text:A discussion about “knockoff culture”	labels:I’m clueless as to what luxury brands even exist nowadays but when I was in high school my mom and I scored a bunch of fake Louis Vuitton bags at a tourist trap shopping center and I carried the shit out of them for four years of high school and got tons of compliments. Fond memories.	episode_done:True
text:Twerkwear.  Quirkwear.  Kraftwerkwear.	labels:> Kraftwerkwear  Red dress shirt time	episode_done:True
text:I’m getting married this year so I’m curious. How? Isn’t plastic bad for storing wedding dresses (and basically most materials)? Can you vacuum seal in other material bags?	labels:Do NOT send it out to one of those companies to clean and preserve it whatever you do.
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge Announcement: 6 Degrees of Separation	labels:I think I need some clarification — are we  *keeping* only a single item from the previous fit or is it *changing* only a single item from the previous fit?
text:Taylor Stitch x Tracksmith Colab	labels:I feel like all TaylorStitch Colabs are just TaylorStitch clothes with other logos added to them.  Not that thats a bad thing.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 09, 2020	labels:Does anyone have experience with Brooks Brothers suits having short sleeves? I’m a 40S in SuitSupply and Spier & Mackay, but I ordered a 40S at BB and it only hits me at the top of my shirt cuff. I wear a 15.5/34 shirt, and the jacket otherwise fits. Is it maybe just this particular suit? I’ve ordered two but am awaiting the other.	episode_done:True
text:What's your favorite kind of novelty clothing?	labels:Vintage hats... they used to be my signature and now it’s been way too long since I’ve worn one.	episode_done:True
text:Its a pretty wholesome place ngl  Ive been here for 8yrs which means the last year of school, college and work life have been shared with MFA	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 23	labels:Hi :), are there any alternatives for the issey miyake pleats plisse pants?	episode_done:True
text:Shopping my own closet for the perfect tee	labels:I would get rid of 4, 5, 9, 7 11.  Your best tees in my opinion: 22, 28, 31,16
text:This sounds good! If you’re not on the clock or at a funeral or something, then you’re free to have as much fun with your clothes as you like.	labels:I wore a tulle skirt and fur coat to work the other day.
text:How do you style your existing wardrobe in a way that doesn’t get boring?	labels:I am a very ordinary person so take this with a grain of salt. What I would do is a commitment to wear sth "new" every day. It's just not how you put it on and look at the mirror, but it also has to do with how you feel in it all day long.   Sometimes it's gonna work, sometimes it won't but you can have fun with your wardrobe everyday and hopefully you will find what goes well with what you have inside that huge wardrobe.   You are young so you can be daring.  You will be surprised.  Good luck and happy trying :)	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 18, 2020	labels:Men's equivalent to Yoga pants. Hear me out. I wear a uniform all day 5+ days a week. I tend to work out in the morning (0445 ish). But when I get home, I still have stuff to do (take the kid to the park/play, go to the store, chores, etc...), so I can’t just slip on pajamas and call it a day (as much as I'd like to).  So, I’m looking to find out the men’s equivalent to yoga pants... that is, active wear that I can chase after the kiddo, and/or run to the store and not look like a total schlub... and maybe get my ass checked out periodically, lol.  If it helps, most weekends, I’m in jeans and a button down, maybe hiking pants and a technical shirt.  Thanks!
text:Favorite Lingerie Brands?	labels:Fleur du Mal, La Perla is only if I REALLY want to splurge	episode_done:True
text:Winter Whites: a White Pants After Labor Day Inspo Album	labels:I really dislike those pants because of the roll at the bottom. Everything else looks great	episode_done:True
text:What are some differences between stereotypical Millennial and Gen Z fashion/aesthetics?	labels:I associate Gen Z fashion with crop tops and sweatpants, so yeah it makes sense that people in their 30's buying expensive ethical clothes aren't going for the sporty spice look.
text:General Discussion - January 07, 2021	labels:So do I post about Trump & the Moody Trumpettes or do I post about Etsy furniture...  Etsy furniture bangs broh. Solid walnut pieces made by like some dad in Vermont broh. Serbians seem to throw down on some woodworking too. Pricing is shockingly affordable and pieces are usually customizable. Go for small original shops tho, some of the bigger distribution shops just repackage Amazon shit broh.  Edit: this reads dismissive of what happened, but au contraire I’m v upset
text:DE GUBERNMENT IS BRINGING THE ARMY TO ENFORCE CORONA CURFEW  and they only told Joe on Twitter.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Rock & Roll	labels:After lurking this subreddit for a little while now it is unusual (but fun) to see my image posted amongst all you stylish gentlemen.  Great theme to break in with given it is already one of my go-to modes of style.
text:Canadian Tuxedo: A Denim-On-Denim Inspo Album	labels:Wow, this was actually really inspirational! Some of these are beautiful!	episode_done:True
text:Tips for reducing impulse buying/careless spending?	labels:On top of what you’ve already done and what everyone else is suggesting I would add spending less time online if possible! Exercise, spend time outside (if you can), read, watch tv, focus on some hobbies, anything that will keep you away from the rabbit hole of scrolling through and “just looking”	episode_done:True
text:What is something you've heard as fashion advice that isn't worth following?	labels:I don't think any fashion rule should be followed. You should take heed of them, but there just general guidelines and tips not the holy word of the lord. If you are self conscious of your wide hips, then it's a good thing to be aware that a lot of horizontal striped will exaggerate this. Doesn't mean you can't or shouldn't, just that you should be cognizant to check before buying any horizontal stripes. Pretty much every fashion rule *can* be broken, but it takes you understanding why the rule is the rule before you can understand how & when you can get away with breaking it   I think *most* attempts to inject color theory into style advice is overly reductionist and doesn't quite work for most people (*especially* for non-white people)  I also think that most shoe advice and recommendations should be ignored. If you do not like heels or are not good at walking in heels, than no, 2 inch wedged are *not* a "laid back summer look for a garden party". You're gonna look fucking ridiculous clomping around. On the other hand, if you *love* platforms and know how to rock them, then there's very few circumstances where you can't figure out a way to make platforms work. Plus, people don't pay nearly as much attention to shoes as you'd think anyway. For most people, it's not in our eyeliner of what we look at when we look at a person. So just wear what you like regardless of the kind of shoes deemed "appropriate". I think that with "Personal style", shoes are substantially more personal than style compared to other items.	episode_done:True
text:What movie/tv show was styled the best?	labels:Obligatory Mad Men
text:Not really. The closest I see is compression pants with shorts over it.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 02, 2021	labels:about to scramble some eggs fresh from the chicken coop, I love being country chic
text:General Discussion - November 05	labels:This time last year my entire wardrobe was black and navy. Now it's olive and navy. Is this progression?
text:Two things I see: higher quality replicas (watch world experiencing the same thing) and more people carrying the “entry” level bags from certain brands. There’s definitely tiers of quality/price even within a single brand like LV.	labels:And I think the tiered model can be a slippery slope, look where Michael Kors is with most of their items - even though they have (or had until recently, have not caught up with the brand) high-end items.	episode_done:True
text:Jeans: Recommendations and Reviews	labels:Honestly I think you have to give way more detail on your old pair and what you’re looking for.  In my mind the biggest hurdle to perfect jeans is the fit, and since every body is different this is highly individual. Some people might prefer stretchier denim for a more forgiving fit, while others look for stiffer fabric, and have less leeway.   Personally I still struggle to find a high rise, non cropped, fits my thighs and waist, plain dark wash, straight/skinny, 90% or more cotton, pair of jeans. But hopefully I’ll find it eventually!
text:oh he *STRONG*	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Is there a fashion show that is widely considered to be the greatest show of all time?	labels:Gianni Versace's 1991 Freedom! show is usually cited as the birth of the supermodel as a pop culture phenomenon and still holds merit for producing clothing with top tier technical skill. Also, has george michael as the backing track
text:I made a Hoodie spreadsheet to help you with sizing	labels:Hey man great write-up. You need to change permissions on the spreadsheet for people to access it.  &#x200B;  A reply, yes I would get the RC, they're great products. Also consider the Everlane one, there was a comparison here between RC and Everlane and there was a great similarity between the both. Further, I have their olive and black color ways and feel that they are lighter than Champion or Supreme hoodies, with a more slim fit. Dunno if you want to get two decent hoodies over one premium one. Best of luck.
text:Yep, a few odd brands I like put items on sale at the end of the season... the same items regularly show up on TRR NWT above the end of season sale pricing while the same items are still available on sale.  I’ve only used them to hunt for very specific pieces that I really wanted, not the place to look for deals.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 07	labels:Praise Mohammad.	episode_done:True
text:What would you wear to elope during a pandemic?	labels:I’m having a backyard micro wedding/elopement next week and I got a cute white dress from Lulu’s. I ordered 3, tried them on at home, and returned the two I didn’t like. It was cheap and easy!	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 15, 2020	labels:Where do you find the midrange between mall quality and high end menswear and sweaters?I'm come across too many brands with sweaters and shirts in the $500 and above range.     Where are the gradations between mall quality and high end clothing?   In particular, menswear brands that are understated, and reserved, but confident and fit well.  So far, I've identified the following brands:   Billy Reid   Todd Snyder   Buck Mason   Alex Mill  Sweaters should be in the $100 to $400 range.  Thank you.
text:What “statement pieces” are you looking forward to wearing this fall?	labels:Underpants on zoom calls
text:Congratulations and Welcome to our New Moderators!	labels:Congrats to both!!!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 28, 2020	labels:Idk how I lived without flares, small leg openings be damned	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 31, 2020	labels:Anson Belt and Buckle question:   Anyone have experience swapping their buckles and laces frequently? I took my buckle off my one belt and the holes, created by the buckle, seemed super weak and removing the buckle seemed to pull away some strands from the leather.	episode_done:True
text:I don’t see a problem if it fits ya	labels:Too small haha	episode_done:True
text:What fashion trend/s have you been obsessed with lately?	labels:Jewelry, I finally went through previous posts here on jewelry and Etsy and I want to start collecting some pieces. I don’t have any particular theme in mind, just what is easier on wallet plus looks good/versatile.	episode_done:True
text:What shoes besides boots are you looking forward to wearing this fall?	labels:Dr martens emmeline ☺️	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Beauty is Pain	labels:these days, it is not enough to be beautiful, one must also be _ethical._ that is why i walk all 17 miles to my workplace in high heels. not only am i incredibly stylish and fit, i also don't contribute to greenhouse gas emissions from cars at all!
text:I think it’s so weird that people are saying she’s so outdated and misogynistic for saying she dresses for men when, by the way she describes it, most women still do. So many of the commenters here do the same as her, they just say, “I dress for myself in the context of modern fashion and culture which still is influenced by the male gaze”. I don’t see anything wrong with it besides the self delusion that these people are wearing makeup and heels just for themselves instead of the reactions they get from others. It’s the same thing! She just said it differently/ more straightforwardly. I do it too when I feel like and have zero shame. It’s fun to dress for men you like if you’re a straight woman.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Deceptive Marketing Practices by Fashion Companies	labels:I've never bought any Fabletics stuff for the exact reason of not wanting to be obligated to remember to opt out every month. I got burned by that once in 2012-2014 and as they say, "fool me once..."  I do find it interesting that this one parent company has maintained the same operating procedure through name changes and brand additions. Nice digging!
text:What's your fashion tragedy?	labels:I spent like two months investing in a bunch of nice wool sweaters that I could wear through the winter, put them in a separate laundry bin after wearing so I could launder them myself, but my ex washed and dried them on high heat and they all shrunk so badly that I couldn't even fit them on my dog. About $1500 gone.
text:It’s got some merit, but I wouldn’t consider it super important. It’s just a way of characterizing/organizing certain colour palettes	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Recreating Pinterest outfits.	labels:I have a section on my clothing board called “Clothes I have”. When I see an outfit where I have roughly the same items, I save it to that board and forget all about it - until I need ideas for getting dressed one day and scroll through it. Staves off feeling like I need to buy something to recreate an outfit when I have 100+ outfits saved to the board!
text:Styling suggestions: Have an item you don’t know how to wear? Comment here and let someone style it for you!	labels:I got a nice, soft brown faux shearling vest and I have no idea what to do with it	episode_done:True
text:Has anyone else ever tried on a designer item just to see what the hype is about?	labels:I've always had a penchant for oversized, long coats-- even before they were a trendier piece. Several years ago, I was walking down Michigan Ave in Chicago with a decent amount of money burning a hole in my pocket. Naturally, I tried on a $5,000 Bottega Venetta coat that SCREAMED my name from the rack.   The fabric, weight, feel, and look were so so so much nicer than any other coat I had ever warn. Before I even saw the price tag ( I thought it must cost no more than $1k bc I'm an inexperienced dummy), I felt so luxurious and confident in it.   I'm still trying to capture how good I felt in the jacket in my day to day life. Truly life changing.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 08, 2020	labels:Yesterday we had in here a brief discussion on the potential impending resurgence of square toes (niche designers -> celebs -\*> big designers -> fast fashion -> regular people).  (\*you are here). Lurkers gonna be *mad*.  Upon reflection it really highlighted to me how downright insane the discourse of 10-years-ago-MFA was. Taking the square toes as examples, we had all this "teaching material" about how they were wrong, unflattering and just an all around horrible idea. With the implication that the people who make and wear square toe shoes simply don't know what they are doing.  Yeah, right. The people running one of *the* most profitable and most competitive markets simply didn't know that square toes "don't flatter your foot". They needed randos on the internet to find that out. *Insane*.
text:20 Sweaters for Less Than $150, So You Can Achieve Peak Coziness - Esquire.com	labels:In my experience, sweaters are one of the few garments where there's a noticeable increase in quality as you spend more money.  Cheaper sweaters are noticeably thinner (both the threads and the sweater itself), which don't keep you as warm and don't last as long.   The good news is that there are some great options for getting high quality sweaters at low prices if you're willing to shop secondhand. For $150 you can find a gently used sweaters from Ines Meain and IMO that's a much better purchase than most of the cotton and fine merino wool sweaters listed in this article.
text:tim dessaint sounds up your alley	labels:oo i see him on tiktok sometimes! didnt know he was on yt, definitely up my alley for sure. thanks 🙏🏻	episode_done:True
text:What was the last addition to your wardrobe in 2020 and what was / is going to be the first addition to your wardrobe in 2021?	labels:The very last thing to come in was a pair of Dirty Laundry knee-high lace-up boots with zippers on the sides and I LOVE THEM.   The first thing will hopefully be a real leather crossbody? Looking to stay under $250 but I'm looking around on Etsy and prices are pretty reasonable. Incidentally, Poland is doing a really swift leather handbag trade...	episode_done:True
text:First you gotta ask yourself what do you mean looking better? Like what are your goals? Expressing yourself, having fun, looking more conventionally attractive etc...   I also think part of It's the fit of everything and understanding/reconciling  how something looks on you in real life vs the model vs the ideal you had in your head. And compare all three to find differences that being said sometimes the difference isn't fixable. I have triple E wide feet I'll never have a slim narrow foot and I just gotta accept that	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Fashion to help your changing body and lifestyle?	labels:Addressing the body change: I too gained a decent amount of weight in my mid twenties due to getting an office job. One of the biggest breakthroughs I had in terms of my style was accepting my new body/silhouette and figuring out what cuts work for my new body. With that extra weight, I ended up loving the way I looked in long, dark pencil skirts paired with a tucked in top. Additionally, I stopped caring about the number or the size of the garment. Sometimes I needed a size M, sometimes I needed a size XL. Once I got over that mental hurdle, shopping was so much easier.   &#x200B;  Addressing the lifestyle change: Not sure if this is the advice you wanted to hear, but this is what worked for me. My younger self's style was not office appropriate at all. I was into short sundresses and plunging necklines. My big "ah-hah" moment was realizing that I can have two styles. At work, I'm a walking advertisement for J.Crew and I feel so confident. Outside of work, I'm in a short dress and high heels. The trick for me was realizing that my body can pull off different silhouettes depending on the style. I enjoy form fitting outfits in my office wardrobe. Conversely, I enjoy flowy outfits in my non-office wardrobe.
text:In my opinion, none of those brands are really worth the price. Salvatore Ferragamo definitely isn’t, most of their shoes aren’t welted, and their high end line is the same price as St. Crispins.   Brunello Cucinelli is nice, but you can get nicer for the same price. They don’t really have any handwork and their designs aren’t that interesting for the most part.   Maybe Saint Laurent because of the designs and vibe might be worth it, but definitely not because of the quality.   For me, it’s Borrelli, Orazio Luciano, Anderson & Sheppard, Kiton (on sale), Enzo Bonafe, and Mattabisch	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 14, 2021	labels:I was using the bathroom and Two guys were having a full on conversation. They went into the disabled stall together and continued the conversation while one of the guys took a shit. What the fuck.
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge: Your Favorite Boots!	labels:Alright I should participate in this one..
text:"You do you" is a good sentiment *in general* but it isn't at all helpful to people trying to construct specific outfits or develop a look. "Do these shoes look good with this?" "Just wear what you like hun!!" Not helpful.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Never buy anything from FILA.com	labels:Sounds like you and Fila need to have a sit down	episode_done:True
text:Unique brands/boutiques in your city?	labels:If you’re into second hand shopping go to HUMANA at Frankfurter Tor - it’s a 4 story second hand shop full of crazy stuff, really fun to have a browse. There are smaller HUMANAs dotted around the city too, so you could just check if you’ll be near one anyway.  Also my friend runs a very cool shop called No Wódka which sells Polish design goods, mainly home wares but also some clothes.	episode_done:True
text:Fast Fashion: What are your wardrobe all-stars?	labels:I have a Charlot Russe dusty pink off the shoulder dress. Brought it last minute when attending a wedding. I love it. I get compliments on it all the time and it has stood the test of time.   H&M crop long-sleeved dusty pink laced top. I don't know how old this is but it has a pink tag on it and all my coworkers (At H&M) state that it means its supper old. My classmate gave it to me and I love it.   H&M Big fur coat. Super warm and nicely oversized. Makes me feel like a sugar baby  Most of my shoes. I have like two non-fast fashioned shoes. But everything else is fast fashion and they rock.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 03, 2021	labels:Did we already get the results of the Best of 2020 thread?
text:Isnt that a good feeling? Makes me feel like a competent partner, even if its for a short while.	labels:Sometimes you want credit for picking out something she wants but didn't list.	episode_done:True
text:Thank you my little pogchamp.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What niche do you feel is missing from the fashion blogging/YouTube world?	labels:Middle-aged professional people who want to look put-together and stylish but not necessarily FASHION, especially budget-wise. I agree about mid-sized women, too. The 10-16 range that’s not skinny and not fat. Whatever “average” size is supposed to be these days.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 24, 2020	labels:What shoes do you recommend as daily trainers? My criteria: easy to put on, comfortable to walk in up to an hour or so, versatile and go with everything.  I have been wearing new balance 247 from 3 years ago, and for some reason they stopped making them or else I would buy another pair. Looking for other options.
text:General Discussion - December 24, 2020	labels:Merry Christmas, may your festive jumpers be timeless!	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone else have “irony pieces”?	labels:Unfortunately, my entire wardrobe as a construction worker.  I'm a construction superintendent, so I wear the same thing every day. Boils down to a thermal layer, hiking pants, a quarter zip fleece, a heated jacket, work boots, a vest, and a hard hat  After a couple years, I'm so used to wearing actually practical clothes that I'm annoyed to wear heels or deal with shitty pockets or worry about a skirt flying up.  I'm officially that queer woman who goes to the bar with her keys clipped onto her belt loop with a carabiner so I don't have to carry a purse
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 26, 2020	labels:Any thoughts on what the best color Apple Watch to get? I'm between silver or black.   I feel like silver is more neutral and would look better with more watch bands and outfits, but I feel like most Apple Watch bands for men are designed for black Apple watches. Also, I'm worried that my watch will inevitably look too feminine too work with my outfits.
text:Actually Sustainable: How Brands Are Going Vintage	labels:Or buy fewer clothes of much better quality which suit your physique, in a colour which suits your complexion and of a style which is classic. Had most of my cashmere sweaters getting on for twenty years now. Likewise my John Smedleys. Trousers made to measure have had for around fifteen years.
text:General Discussion - January 04, 2021	labels:just got done with my first physical since I was a kid.   I'm 5' 5.5", thought I was 5' 5". This half inch takes me from Overweight to Normal.  Do I quick update my online dating bios to say "I'm taller than I thought"	episode_done:True
text:Do you have a childhood fashion icon? If so, does their influence show up in your wardrobe today?	labels:When I was a child, I looked mostly towards like tween and teen fashion rather than adult fashion. I loved Sabrina the Teenage Witch and Mary Kate and Ashley Olson. They were all like the epitome of the sweet-normal-but-stylish-girl-next door characters. Outfits always cute, but accessible/not over the top
text:I think it looks cool i see it as denim vest if anything and the denim texture is great contrast with a wool jacket	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Thats fun, I'll put that in the wrap up post	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Fall Fit Battle - Elite 8 - Voting	labels:Salutatorian vs Rariora	episode_done:True
text:What are your favourite ways to style a black leather moto jacket?	labels:I pretty much wear my leather jacket with everything.	episode_done:True
text:Break a leg!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How has your style and shopping habits changed with age and financial standing?	labels:Kind of. As I’ve gotten older I don’t mind spending more on a good quality piece that’ll last. I want good quality, timeless pieces now.	episode_done:True
text:2020 Fall Fit Battle - Championship - Discussion	labels:Wait, is this a joke thread? I'm seriously confused. We've got denim dan vs some dude in a bath robe with pants up to his nipples looking like he's preparing for a flood.
text:Just an FYI, I appreciate this comment. Will check them out and do some research.	labels:Didn’t mean it to be unhelpful and snobby I actually genuinely like that company and I’ve even returned boots to them that I haven’t liked. Once the downvotes roll in I can’t stop it.	episode_done:True
text:Who is your ultimate style icon?	labels:I don’t really have an ultimate icon but lately I’ve been really inspired by Costubers (Costume Youtubers) who do a lot of vintage things and clothes and stuff  like Bernadette Banner, Rachel Maksy , and Karolina Zebrowska .    I love their channels and their styles . (Even though my own style is of course different but I do want to incorporate some elements of their style into mine and make it my own because that’s what style to me kinda is I guess lol. )   Other than that nothing or no one really comes to mind.
text:This exactly. I have a pretty stuffy office job with a fairly traditional business dress code (not business formal, but the kind of business casual where jeans are 100% not okay, people wear pantyhose with skirts, blazers are extremely popular, absolutely no thighs or cleavage or shoulders seen), but I still have no trouble finding work-appropriate clothing that makes me feel comfortable and that I like to wear.   I have pretty loud taste and I am not one for neutrals, while also being pretty conservative with regard to the amount of skin I like to show, and I love to find stuff with bold colours (like my very favourite suit, which is bright magenta), strong shapes (like oversized boyfriend blazers instead of a traditional hip-length fitted ones, wide paperbag pants, cape sleeves, etc), and unusual patterns, like a cardigan I have with small intarsia unicorn silhouettes. I only buy the shapes I like, so no pencil skirts, high necklines only, pant rises similar to those in my casual wardrobe, etc.   I absolutely live in athleisure outside the office, but I still like and enjoy my work wardrobe a lot and I think it's still expressive while being appropriate for my specific office. I pretty much only wear it to work and I don't pull any of it out to go to the grocery store, but it's still great for the purpose and I don't need to be able to wear all my clothes for every occasion.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Oohh! I did the same thing right before the shut down. Best of luck!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How A Trouser Should Fit – The Armoury	labels:I wish mark cho would adopt me	episode_done:True
text:JW Anderson Fall 2021 Menswear	labels:Yo those pants r wearing pants 😳😳😳	episode_done:True
text:Boba's Ultra Basic Steps For Developing Style and Outfits (version 1)	labels:You know... I consider all of these things when I put an outfit together... but I still always start from a piece and focus on my closet. And I've never really attached myself to any particular fit aesthetic or color palate in building that closet. I'd like my professional attire to say some things, and I'm exploring sleep/relaxation as a theme in casualwear, but I still kind of just buy... Not just stuff I like on sale, anymore, I'm a little more careful... but still not anything quite that directed.  Thanks for the reminder that being more methodical pays off. Great guide, buddy.
text:How do I feel sexy at home in winter?	labels:matching bra and panties. it works wonders. I do this in the summer too (on summer bra days, which with boob sweat there are not many). when I buy a new bra, I typically get 2-3 coordinating panties in different styles so I have some options, and then put them together under all my clothes. I swear there's a posture change when I'm wearing ratty underclothes vs nice ones. even if no one sees it, I know it's there.
text:Joining next door taught me people are incredibly skittish	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Pulling the Past Forward, Asian-style	labels:You have a great eye for prints! Thank you for sharing!
text:Thank all of you	labels:Hey man, I know how you feel. Funny enough, I'm also 9.5EEE in AE. If you are okay with used shoes, try eBay or other resale websites for your size. They're out there. When I started a new job, I got three pairs of AE shoes in my size for about the cost of one new pair and they all came in pretty good shape.
text:Teach me how to successfully shop secondhand please!! Or just commiserate if it’s hard for you too lol.	labels:I buy almost everything from thrift shops. I keep a list of items I'm looking to buy (black turtleneck, navy sweater vest, etc), on my phone. Whenever I'm near a thrift shop, I stop in to check for those items only.   I have a lot of success this way and I spend very little time shopping.	episode_done:True
text:Technical/Labwear but make it fashion	labels:Ooh! I’m a scientist in healthcare. I sometimes wear scrubs, but usually I wear pants and a plain tee or blouse. I like corduroys and turtlenecks with quarter-zips, lace-up boots, or clogs. I’ve even worn a dress+tights to work on occasion.  I work in one of the few stem fields(medical tech) that’s female dominated. Most of my coworkers wear scrubs, but the official dress code is “scrubs or business casual”.	episode_done:True
text:Top Down / Aerial / Crotch Shot WAYWT	labels:Note: This is not a shitpost. This is an actual weekly thread for people to post outfit pictures from their perspective (i.e. Top Down). WAYWT stands for 'what are you wearing today?' though obviously you can share outfits you've worn before that within reason.  So please feel free to share.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/malefashionadvice) if you have any questions or concerns.*	episode_done:True
text:The Best Ways To Style A Blazer This Autumn.	labels:Lol, let's play.  1. "Go for a soft blazer" -- shows a gold button blazer with clearly structured shoulders over... an awful full-zip cardigan, for some reason. 2. Awful photo, the jacket could barely sit worse if they tried. 3. One of the least bad things here, and the dude is literally wearing his blazer with a white tee and sweatpants. 4. "Layer it" -- ah, the standard cliche. 5. "Wear it with this expensive moncler vest, who cares if it looks good? That logo is GIGANTIC!" 6. Two completely different suggestions, one of which is their second unhelpful cliche. Somebody clearly took the photo first and they wrote the tip afterwards. 7. "Play with color." Oh, gee, really? I was only going to wear a white shirt and gray trousers with a navy blazer, ever, but gee, you want me to *consider things*? Cool. Thanks. Super helpful, Mr. P. 8. "More formality" -- shows a wide-open denim shirt, sunglasses, a mess of bracelets under an open wrist...  Yay, I caught 'em all, what do I win?
text:What fashion FAQs would you like answered as megathreads? v2	labels:Why does Rick Owens?
text:Can confirm that Japan is a place.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Casual Blazer Inspo	labels:Some these guys look like RPG NPC. "I have the finest wears in town. Fancy some new armour?"	episode_done:True
text:How to find the confidence to wear clothes you like?	labels:Maybe for starters not listen to what your mom has to say. I was a tomboy and got girlie in a second when my first skirt turned out pretty. Mom told me I had scrawny legs which was exactly not a nice thing to say at the time. She also made me wear pantyhose with my skirts AND made me pay for them out of my allowance which was a huge bummer because I loved music and had a hard time buying albums as it was.  From then on I learned to do what I wanted to do.	episode_done:True
text:Can confirm. A few years ago we did one where we all dressed as old memes. It was hilarious.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I know what you're talking about, I've personally always gotten a lot of fun out of thrifting. I enjoy the hunt!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Can’t tell if lovecraft protagonist cosplay or dr who cosplay	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Are you sure your execution wasn't just shit?  I mean, yeah, wearing a light structure blazer to grab groceries is silly, but... *hurt your reputation*?	labels:At the time as a young 20-something, yes. Older co-workers and college peers thought I was pretentious on sight and first impressions matter a lot.	episode_done:True
text:Hiking and the Outdoors Inspo Album	labels:That fleece on Slide #11 is amazing.	episode_done:True
text:Great ideas, thank you! I just realized...I don't own any belts! Haha so that's on my list now too.	labels:If you're into thrifting, belts are a great piece to buy second hand! So many cool statement belts, and almost always tons of classic leather staples belts too.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 27, 2020	labels:god could you imagine your life being the equivalent of the chest harness trend. you’re everything for 15 mins and then absolutely never spoken about again.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 11, 2021	labels:Any tips for someone with knock knees? I feel like it’s hard to find the right pants sometimes.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 12, 2020	labels:Bought a black grosgrain bow tie from Drake's sale for £15	episode_done:True
text:Top Down / Aerial / Crotch Shot WAYWT	labels:In the name of the galactic republic, you’re under arrest, senator	episode_done:True
text:my all-black eDgY WiTcHy gOtH capsule wardrobe	labels:Love this. Where did you get the asymmetrical high neck coat?	episode_done:True
text:Snow Peak Fall/Winter 2020	labels:*Children of Men Type Beat*	episode_done:True
text:Dress shoes EEE trouble	labels:Look at the good feet store or sasshoes.com. Red Wing and Hush Puppies both make extra wide. Look at outlet malls or discount stores on the sales rack. Nordstrom Rack usually has good deals on shoes. Spend the extra 20 dollars to get nice shoes.
text:what is dead may never die	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 12, 2020	labels:I need a recommendation for a coat (or where to shop for one).  Fall/spring weight, doesn't need to be waterproof.  Something classy.  Budget $300 but preferably closer to $200.  TIA!	episode_done:True
text:What is your favorite under-the-radar leather handbags / brand?	labels:While not leather, vegan leather bags give the same (or longer lasting quality imo) texture/structure/ versatility I’m looking for without the guilt. My favorite brands are Matt and Nat and Angela Roi. I’m obsessed with the Angela Roi Cher Micro and need to get more colors before they go out of stock! I love a small everyday bag that fits just enough without being too big/bulky like a tote	episode_done:True
text:Is Y2K fashion coming back organically or is it a result of progressing the 90's comeback to the next decade since that trend seemed to work out?	labels:Everything eventually comes back in fashion.  Personally I would love for 2000s jeans to come back - not super low rise or the ones that were bedazzled or laced up but just normal rise bootcut and flare jeans. I have a few from that era that I still wear all the time and a couple more that I had to replace with similar ones from poshmark because I couldn't find them in shops.  I also miss 2000s makeup. Sure, there was too much body glitter and candy colors but there was also the fresh dewy look of blush and a light lip gloss - think Britney Spears in her Oops I Did It Again video, or Mandy Moore's makeup in her video for Candy. Not everything in the 2000s was horrible lol.
text:Autumn Headwear | The Styleforum Journal	labels:Got myself a fedora the other day and loving it so far. Felt a bit awkward just thinking about buying one, but I think it works
text:What rockstar(s) you take fashion inspiration from? What do you like about their style?	labels:Gwen Stefani has always been my biggest inspiration. I was 4 when Tragic Kingdom came out and MTV was always on in my house back in those days so seeing her was like seeing a real life cartoon character. No one in my town looked like that. I was instantly obsessed. I can trace my love of leopard print directly back to her outfit in the Sunday Morning music video.	episode_done:True
text:clothes that you've made or altered significantly by hand that you're particularly proud of?	labels:I cut the tulle hem off a dress that was too long and made a fancy ruched collar out of it and it looks pretty good imo.	episode_done:True
text:### House Slippers	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 25, 2020	labels:Can you be addicted to pants?   &#x200B;  I'm just way more into pants than I am into tops.
text:Hard agree there.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Fashion trends	labels:Platform heels, low rise jeans, I will never give up my skinny jeans ever, Uggs, sandals that aren’t Birkenstock’s or Chaco’s, shirts that aren’t cropped or 4 sizes too big, and summer tops that can be worn with a regular bra, those are surprisingly hard to come by these days, apparently fashion companies think people don’t have boobs anymore.
text:S/O to the Marmot Precip: cheap, vented and windproof, packable, and waterproof af. I use one as my outer layer too.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How much was your most expensive fashion item and when or how often do you wear it?	labels:My most expensive items are my Native American Turquoise jewelry and my cowboy boots. Just purchased a huge $900 squash blossom necklace and have worn it constantly. My boots range from $30 for a secondhand pair to $750 for custom made and none are worn more or less than the others.  When my mother passed, she was 88. I went to clean out her closet and drawers and found so many lovely things that were carefully boxed away or wrapped in tissue that she was “saving for good”. Ironically, “good” apparently never came as these things went unused.  I decided right then to never do that. Every day is special and I am worth taking the time to look and feel special even if I’m just out running errands.
text:General Discussion - October 27	labels:I think early MFA and the attendant blogosphere it spawned / belonged to / helped popularise is partially to blame for the whole "timeless" nonsense.  We've come a long way from "well dressed men wear suits" to "actually shirts and blazers can be dressed down" to "actually you can wear what you want and look good", and maybe the whole "timeless", "dapper", "classic", "gentleman" thing was a necessary part of the journey, but... would it just fucking die please.
text:Alden Indies - A 7 Year Review	labels:Hey, I'm at 7 years on my Indys, too. Much the same thoughts, though mine are calf and have held up well. Comfiest of all my shoes.
text:Shitpost Saturday: Let's talk about Fall!!!	labels:Time to crack out the sweater vest I've had for 30 years with last years soups stains; everything else is black because that is how you achieve """witchy"""	episode_done:True
text:My 2020 Clothing Challenge	labels:That red Anthropologie dress is utterly stunning on you.    Pass that DVF red dress tho back to the Real Real, you are way too cute to wear it.  It just doesn’t strike me as your style.
text:Fall 2020 Fit Battle - Round 2 Results and Discussion	labels:Thank god, I already ran out of cool clothes. Gratz, /u/8888plasma - fully deserved! And thanks to the organisers for not sharing by how much I was smashed.    I think I agree with pretty much all of the winner choices, which is quite rare.  Edit: Going back, I preferred /u/cdot5’s fit (and it’s so far away from what I usually wear!) but that was a close one.
text:What do you think are the pieces of jewelry everyone should own?	labels:I don’t know about “everyone should own,” but I have a pair of square opal studs that I wear allll the time. The white goes with everything, the colored specks add interest, the shape is unique, and they don’t look as fancy as pearls. I can wear them grocery shopping or to an event. I love opals so much!
text:How do I feel sexy at home in winter?	labels:Come to the potato side	episode_done:True
text:Name another black/indigenous/poc creative director (besides Virgil) under the LVMH/Kering legacy (soft luxury) fashion houses then.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:This is incredibly good advice! I think it's time to start a personal pinboard, of just outfits I like for myself. That's such a great incentive to dig through my closet and put new looks together.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What inspired your passion/love for fashion?	labels:Honestly, it started as a teenager because I don’t see myself as physically attractive, and so I felt like I could never pull off a simple look like jeans and a t shirt to feel pretty. My peers were developing and looked cute in anything, even gym class and I knew I was plain and uninteresting. So I thought if I had a unique sense of fashion people would pay attention to my clothes as my “appearance” rather than my looks.   Another piece was that growing up we couldn’t afford clothes for fashion (vs function) so I felt embarrassment when all my classmates had new clothes after the holidays and I was wearing the same thrifted clothes. Now that I have a solid income it’s something I am trying to cut back on, this compensating for my childhood complex lol. I have more than enough clothes (and love thrifting now) and donate regularly to charity and to friends who are interested.	episode_done:True
text:What's the craziest item you've bought during quarantine?	labels:It’s not.. an article of clothing? But I bought a sewing machine to make clothes when I don’t really know how to sew. So that’s a pretty ridiculous purchase tbh.
text:Throwback Thursday: Revisiting "How to Determine Your Body Type" and "On Dressing Your Body Type"	labels:So, I'll start. I definitely fell into the trap of both not really understanding my own body and trying to look like a tall slim hourglass all the time (which is not my body.)   Taking the time to really understand silhouettes and how to adjust them for my body was a huge breakthrough for me, as well as readjusting my thought process toward "what do I want to emphasize?" vs "Is this flattering?"   Being more thoughtful and critical about the difference between something looking good and something emphasizing the "tall slim hourglass" was also really helpful. So much of fashion that we feel is objective is actually about our eye and what we train our eye to perceive as good. Getting away from that, and training my eye to see the tall slim hourglass as one silhouette among many, really helped me wear things "I couldn't pull off."	episode_done:True
text:How do your clothes wear out?	labels:For me, it’s typically the elasticity of fabrics start to give and the items no longer fit correctly or if it’s a bottom, they no longer “stay up”. This usually happens with leggings or panties after about 5 or more years of regular wear with caring for the items properly.  I also had a faux leather jacket wear out after 6 years of regular wear. The faux leather ended up “peeling off” or something like that.
text:Burberry is donating unused fabric to fashion students in need	labels:A bunch of fashion students receive circles of cut out fabric that look just about the size of boobs	episode_done:True
text:WEEKLY DEALZ: "BLACK FRIDAY" 2020 EDITION	labels:**Non-American Retailers** (feel free to post both here and under the appropriate letter - this is an effort to help people find all non-U.S. in one place)
text:What are your predictions for 2021 suit style?	labels:Working within a multi brand store, a lot of what the buying team is seeing is relaxed fits, patch pockets and a pretty standard over arching lapel size (let’s say 2in), but it still keeping towards formal regimented shoulders (with very subtle roping) and small amounts of taper to the trouser and waist. Almost half of the suits  reviewed having pleats, but less function and more to bring an elongated look when sans jackets. Lots of hopsack open weaves giving a more draped look. I’m saying all this at least in our market, when people are looking for suits it’s become clear people want far less patterns, and moving towards subtle pinheads and puppy’s tooth, or even tone on tone 5mm window pane. In darker colours even coming into summer. COVID has pushed suits in our market back towards the cleaner look, with textured shirts and a little more fun with ties. Saying all this though it’s super dependent on where you are in the world and where you associate yourself in the corresponding circles.  So tldr: shrug*
text:Stop Dressing For Your Height [Tim Dessaint]	labels:I'm 5' 4" since 9th grade. My mom bought me a singer sewing machine in the 80's and I've been shortening my own pants since.  Now my daughter asks her dad to alter her pants all the time. :)	episode_done:True
text:BOF Op-Ed: How Luxury Became Fast Fashion	labels:Luxury used to be expensive materials and construction.   But it's much more lucrative to sell "looks", "styles", and "trends". When they can't even sew on the buttons without threads sticking out of every hole, some too tight that I have to re-do myself.  I do believe that you can have luxury synthetics, but also that few brands use them. Even brands that go "ethical" and "timeless" in marketing avoid "quality" now. Because it's easy to prove quality. Using unprotected fluff-words and reputations made decades ago is much safer and can be used to inflate prices.  H&M collabs used to be amazing. I regret I didn't buy a wool jacket 5 years ago. It was a bit too expensive and heavy for me then. But the quality for price was GREAT. It did make me realize how shitty midrange clothing is.   Picking the right stuff from H&M will be better then brands that costs 5-10 times as much. It's really only the label that is different. And if H&M can't pay their worker much for that price, more expensive brands just doesn't. Why would they?  Does Amazon pay their workers more, or take out a larger profit? No one with the means of starting up international brands actually wants to offer a great product, made fairly, they want max profit. Greenwashing is great for profit, no need to prove anything, and keep selling shit that needs to be replaced after a few uses for premium prices.	episode_done:True
text:What are you planning on getting rid of this year?	labels:The habit of buying poorly made clothes.
text:What shoes besides boots are you looking forward to wearing this fall?	labels:Slippers
text:OUT OUT OUT  Edit: Not even from the US but pretty happy for them lol	labels:	episode_done:True
text:They're APC! I want to say they're Petit New Standard but I'm not 100% because I got them off Vestiaire.	labels:You're the best dude, thanks!	episode_done:True
text:AE Elgin - Before & After recraft pics	labels:You put the after photo before? Why?	episode_done:True
text:One Can Never Have Enough Socks - Happy Holidays MFA	labels:The worst part about these albums is not knowing how I can find all of the socks I like :(
text:What are you wearing for Halloween this year?	labels:I won't be going out. I'm so fucking sad. Halloween is my absolute favorite, and it was going to be an epic party this year.  However! I'm still going to dress up because I want to. I have recently acquired a comically oversized witch hat, so I'll be building a costume around that. I shall be the most fabulous witch while watching not-so-scary movies, eating candy, and getting properly sloshed.
text:What are your go-to basic fall tops? I’m talking long sleeve tees, sweatshirts, turtlenecks etc!	labels:Honestly cuddl duds long sleeves are my go to staples for long sleeve base layer/T. Easy to wear under flannels, sweaters or anything else. Stretchy, soft	episode_done:True
text:All-time favorite cold weather pieces?	labels:Slippers: manitobah mukluks. Indigenous owned, get the made in canada ones, theyre incredible.  Tights: anything in luon or full on luon from lululemon.  Jackets (0 to 15c): im loving the Eddie bauer fleece layer i got recently. Its not technically a jacket but its really really warm and its got longer arms that average which I love.  Jackets (0 and under, lowest my region gets is -45 with windchill): the aritzia bancroft parka is excellent. Mine might not fit me anymore and I will genuinely buy a new one without hesitation. I had a mattress lined version and it still kept me as warm as down, somehow.	episode_done:True
text:Adapting to age/workplace appropriate attire while staying true to yourself [discussion]	labels:Can you think of an age-appropriate style icon?	episode_done:True
text:Style Lessons from Male-Presenting People: An Inspo Album	labels:The bright red shirt with the big off center bow! Red can be such a masc color, but when it’s silk and soft tailoring it’s not aggressive.   LOVE!	episode_done:True
text:Yup. There are so many things I've seen on the Zara website that are photographed in that highly editorial style that have intrigued me enough to seek them out in-store, only to realize upon trying them on how badly made and ill-fitting they are in reality.   Well-made, cool clothes look great without crazy poses. There's a reason why runway models (for the most part) just walk and do a rather neutral pose at the end- because the clothes and construction are what's being highlighted.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Who are your favorite fashion influencers on Youtube?	labels:Brittany Bathgate, Emma Hill and Alyssa Lenore are my favs	episode_done:True
text:Thank you for this comment. It made me check to see if their pj pants come in long, and not only do they have long pj pants, but they have pockets. I told myself I wasn’t going to buy anything else for myself until after Christmas but I think I may need these.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:For sure!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:British shoes can be sleek but your not wrong American and some Brittish maker's lasts and welts are chunkier that being said this difference is so marginal I wouldn't worry about it with most of today's suits. Generally a boxier/looser suit would go with a boxy/Chunky dress shoe, but even that rule can be broken pretty easily with soft slouchy Italian tailoring.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The Terribly High Cost of Cheap Goods	labels:Fuck China. Not the people but the country that America have way too much power too and now it’s too late. Anyway if you want quality, buy from Japan. Might not be the most ethical or sustainable but being online isn’t either if you think about it. Some American companies make good quality products but even American integrity is mostly long gone due to stuff being outsourced and it’s just a circle of corporations fucking regular people because of greed.	episode_done:True
text:Reliable brands to buy in South America - Americans your opinions please!	labels:I am no longer living in Brazil, but here are a few decent options back from when I used to live there: .. Reserva (usereserva.com) - casual wear .. Aramis - for shirts .. Osklen - a little bit pricier than Reserva, a carioca luxury brand of sorts .. Ellus .. Hering - t-shirts (single colour), shorts  I prefer these national brands to some of the options available at Zara, Calvin Klein and Adidas. Better construction than Zara, at least.
text:You can make a Kanban view in Airtable, based on a single select field.	labels:thanks!	episode_done:True
text:Summer outfit inspiration: An inspo album and 6 lessons on how to make complete outfits even when you are dying of heat stroke	labels:Used to live in US Southwest, temps 100+F in summer.    Clothing depends on what your activity is. If you're just going to the office, layers are key. Pants, short sleeve shirt, blazer/cardigan. Air conditioning can be brutal.   Day to day errands, dresses can be super nice (with safety shorts). DO pick ones that cover your shoulders/back/neck if you can, those areas sunburn very easily!   After the sun goes down, dark colors are fine and will make lighter clothing look more formal.   As someone else mentioned, moisture wicking athleisure can be nice (think tennis/golf polo).  Sneakers work surprisingly well. Sandals are nice, but make sure you don't get sunburn on the tops of your feet. Also don't ever go barefoot, pavement gets hot enough to give you 2nd degree burns in seconds.      Notice how many times I say "after dark" here, there's a reason many cultures with hot summers have a culture of socializing/doing errands in the evening!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 08, 2021	labels:Man, I’m pumped at how much my summer wardrobe has improved over the past 12 months.    In past years I always felt that during spring, winter and autumn I could dress to my true aesthetic while in summer I just dressed to deal with intense humidity which meant almost always meant outfits I wasn’t fully happy with.
text:Stay In-Vested	labels:!mfaimagebot 23	episode_done:True
text:Derek Guy: The Crown’s ‘Balmoral Test’ Barbours Are Not Just Jackets	labels:Kind of disappointed that for all those descriptions of the outfits, there aren't accompanying photos. Good breakdown though.	episode_done:True
text:Technical/Labwear but make it fashion	labels:I’m a chemist and my go to is dark skinnies and plain t-shirts or a blouse with a cardigan in every color of the rainbow in the summer and relatively plain sweaters in the fall/winter months. I’m always cold so I love turtlenecks and they look dressier with my lab coat than other things. I’ve got spill resistant boots from Red Wing that I change into when I go into the lab but I generally wear flats and booties if I’m just doing office work that day.  I usually wear pearl earrings and light makeup to look more put together but nothing too fancy.	episode_done:True
text:No clue about winter wear. Please Help!	labels:As most other commenters have already provided recommendations on coats or sweaters, I'll just touch on the layering aspect. You don't need to size up to account for layering; most base layers such as undershirts, thermal shirts or long johns are already designed to be close to the skin so you can have a dress shirt, trousers or sweater over top.   Just buy TTS and will be fine. It may seem a little snug at first but that's also to make sure you get that extra warmth.   One thing to consider is getting a beanie to protect your head from wind and the cold. This can range from Acryllic, wool blends to cashmere but really depends on your comfort level to certain materials. Some people find acryllic to be very itchy so you'll need to try a range.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 20, 2020	labels:Does anyone else not get the hype with Uniqlo? I’ve tried some of their stuff and I’m not that impressed. Plastic zippers, lackluster fabric, awful customer service. Aren’t there better options out there for the price?
text:Top of WAYWT - November 2020	labels:!mfaimagebot 19	episode_done:True
text:What's your fashion tragedy?	labels:I spent like two months investing in a bunch of nice wool sweaters that I could wear through the winter, put them in a separate laundry bin after wearing so I could launder them myself, but my ex washed and dried them on high heat and they all shrunk so badly that I couldn't even fit them on my dog. About $1500 gone.
text:I’d suggest you post regardless, the only thing holding you back is the physical act of posting. That way you can be a regular too, and your opinion may hold some more weight	labels:Im sure this was meant as a nice comment, but honestly I just wanna make a small comment about my thoughts once in a blue moon, I barely browse mfa these days.   I'll try to remember this comment the next time I see a theme I like though and post my first mfa pic after 4 years of lurking.
text:How does one incorporate haute couture into everyday work outfits?	labels:I don't own anything that's truly haute couture, but I'm sort of a collector of independent, higher-end fashion. I'm a stay at home mom right now, but I LOVE the idea of mixing high and low pieces together. I also think there's nothing wrong with just going all out and letting a piece shine. I have actually displayed fashion pieces that I love in my home, especially when I can't wear them on a daily basis.  I have a beloved Rachel Comey wool purse with a drawing of a nude woman on it, and I display it on a mannequin in my bedroom, so I can see it everyday. One day, I'll carry it to the store, lol. I also have a Suno NY skirt that is way too small for me, but I bought because I loved the fabric pattern. I've draped it over a shelf or used it as a pillow cover to display it where I could see it.	episode_done:True
text:If you were a villain in a movie, what would you wear?	labels:I’d dress just like everyone else. The truest horror of evil is its banality.
text:Dress shoes EEE trouble	labels:Dr marten oxfords mono	episode_done:True
text:White Mamba <3	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How different is your actual heel length vs what it's advertised as and, how much does it change by shoe size for you?	labels:I don’t have an example right now but want to thank you for posting this as I have never considered this! I’m a US6 and have NO IDEA how some women frequently wear 3 inch heels. The super steep arch was so uncomfortable. This makes so much sense!
text:Yeah I'm sorry man, there was a lot of backlash yesterday haha. I'd love to see your fit on Monday though!	labels:No worries!	episode_done:True
text:Winston & Co. Shawl Collar Cardigan Review (But mostly preamble)	labels:thanks for this review. I love shawl collar cardigans but i'm very sensitive to itchy wool, which makes it very difficult to find them. would you happen to know of any decent/higher end ones constructed in alternative materials?
text:Model poses while online shopping	labels:They do that when the fit if the garment is inferior. It is intentional.  Beware items that have this kind of photography, because most of the time it means the garment has bad construction, weird seam placement, or unfortunate details.  Well constructed items are not shot in this manner. Brands want to show off their excellent construction. It is known.  Hope that helps!
text:Thanks! I don't think my hats are too tight but I wore it once out and it pressed my ears down in a not so comfortable way after a while but that could be in conjunction with the mask	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What is your go to/favourite belt?	labels:I like the basic leather ones from Lucky Brand. In the sense that they’re actually pretty good quality leather. Not the “leather” (listed as leather on the product page) but they’re easy to crack and won’t last.  I have a basic black leather belt, basic brown leather belt, and a leather woven belt. I use them all pretty often. Maybe the woven a little more than the others.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 10, 2020	labels:What colors go with green olive pants?
text:Boba's Ultra Basic Steps For Developing Style and Outfits (version 1)	labels:Love that step one starts with aesthetics! Sounds like a POV to me ;)   This is great!	episode_done:True
text:Notice my selvedge senpai	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Do you name your favorite outfits?	labels:Ahaha I might start doing that!	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 21, 2020	labels:I admit defeat in finding pants. I need help.   I’m 6’1. Slender. I wear Doc Martens usually.   I want a pant that looks good w them and maybe vans. I like pants that do the break thing at the ankle but have no clue where to find them. I don’t want a baggy skater look but I also don’t want super skinny jeans.   I’m in my 30s but an artist so I wanna look weird / cool but also age appropriate. Sort of like a French furniture store owner who used to be in a thrash band.   Thanks!	episode_done:True
text:Capsule wardrobes?	labels:I just did the same thing! I created a test capsule and put it in a specific section of my closet. I dressed exclusively from it for 2-3 weeks, and still mostly am (I ordered a couple of wish list items so I added those when they arrived).  I also felt like it was easier to get dressed (fewer choices) and my outfits were more in line with my desired style. That’s actually why I did my capsule — I came to the end of about two years of style exploration and wanted to test whether the conclusions I came to were right for me. They are!   Here’s the list of what I put in my warm weather capsule. I have another list ready for when the weather gets consistently cooler:  [x]2 sundresses  [x]Navy midi skirt  [x]Navy-based floral midi skirt  [x]Pink-based floral midi skirt  [x]2 pairs athletic / long shorts suitable for hiking/adventures – tan long & navy athletic  [x]Floral-print jersey-knit top  [x]Floral-print blouse  [x]Coral top (I think I ended up adding a second one of these so I wouldn’t have to do laundry)  [x]Navy top  [x]Chambray button-down shirt  [x]2 athletic tops for hiking/adventures  [x]1 pair dark green joggers  [x]Brown leather sandals  [x]Gray casual sneakers  [x]Adventure shoes  [x]Gold & rhinestone necklace  My colors are navy, coral/pink, dark green, and a little yellow.   I’ve been outfit repeating a ton for the last several months (wearing the same outfit for 3-5 days in a row), so that made doing a capsule easier as well.	episode_done:True
text:Definitely. For me, I went to some of the shops enough that I'd chat with the owners when I stopped in. For sure I value the idea of supporting local businesses + building relationships with people who are hustling hard, but it also made it much harder to leave without picking something up haha	labels:Oh that’s what I do 100%. I’m friends with like 3 of the vintage boutiques’ owners and employees around me lol	episode_done:True
text:My stupid ass went and googled 'cool girls on the street' thinking it was a fashion blog or Instagram account or something 😑	labels:Hahahahaha! I should have phrased it differently 😂😂	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 10, 2020	labels:It’s really fun to look at clothes objectively without pretext of it not being suitable for a man to wear. I’m slowly chipping away at my own mental barrier regarding this but I want to get to a point where all I have to consider is if it’s a sick piece or not.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 23, 2020	labels:Hi guys. I am really tired of wearing adidas-Nike trainers during my daily uni life. I want versatile and comfortable shoes that I can wear with both my track pants and jeans.   Most of my jeans are black and dark blue. I usually wear darker colours.  I was gonna go with Vans but they seem irrelevant these days.  Any suggestions?
text:2020 in Hindsight: A Year in Fashion — Die, Workwear!	labels:Athleisure’s popularity was already sky-high. I think this cemented it’s status as the new status-quo. At least from my perspective in North America.    I don’t know if it will last forever but probably at least the first half of this decade.
text:Brands that are actually great that you discovered on Instagram?	labels:Ruggable!  Amazing customer service and cool product.  Edit: (I was fast scrolling and didn’t realize this was in Female fashion advice.  I’m not advising you wear a rug.  I’m such a dork!)
text:I signed up for fabletics several years ago and it was stressful to skip each month, their policies were needlessly difficult to navigate, and the quality of the actual clothes was subpar. Very inconsistent sizing, bad seams, and not a single sports bra provided anything approaching useful support for me (I do have a larger bra size but not abnormally so!). All this to say, you haven’t missed out on much!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 28, 2020	labels:I'm looking for a bomber jacket that can be worn in the winter.  Under $300, and would be ok to wear in weather as low as 20 deg F.  I would use a warmer parka for anything colder, or involving rough weather conditions.  Having a tough time finding a bomber that is insulated, most seem to be fall/spring jackets.  Any recommendations?	episode_done:True
text:Just how revolutionary is Harry Styles’ Vogue cover?	labels:I like the gesture a lot and things like this make me as a queer person feel more safe...  *however*, that doesn't stop me from saying I think this shoot was poorly styled. The looks just don't do it for me and in some ways they look incomplete. It looks like he decided to wear a dress the day he showed up to the shoot. It just seems, for lack of a better term, lazy. Like they didn't really care what this meant. He needed more hair and makeup work in my opinion. Something to make people look at it and be like "wow, he looks really pretty and I bet he feels it”  or some eye color would've pulled the whole thing together. Or a pretty necklace! I think lacking these little details is why people will say he didn't pull it off and is sort of a let down considering what this symbolizes. Open to hearing from other people who support the look, tho
text:What do you get tailored?	labels:I get almost everything other than lounge clothes tailored. Size number means absolutely nothing anymore. Buy clothes that fit the widest part of your body, and have them taken in to fit the rest (it’s harder to let out than take in). Some of my dresses are 6s, and some are 0s, so size is literally just a made up concept for women. This definitely gets expensive, but I add the cost of tailoring to the cost of the thing I know I’ll need tailored.   So like, if I see a skirt I really want, but I’ll need the waist taken in, I know that my tailor streamlines waistbands with a zipper for 30 bucks. 35 if there’s a lining. That turns a $50 skirt into an $80 skirt. Do I really want to spend $80 on a skirt?? Maybe. If I do, I’ll buy it. If not, I put it back. It ends up saving me money because I buy less impulse trendy purchases.   Find a good tailor by testing them on cheap pieces and building a reputation. Eventually, you’ll know exactly how much they charge for each fabric/type of alteration and it helps with keeping prices in mind while shopping. A good tailor will have no problem at all with silks or satins. You may have to burn through a few and have them ruin some clothes before you find your soulmate, but it’s totally worth it! I recently broke up with my tailor and I’m still heartbroken about it..
text:Just singing the praises of wool	labels:My mom is super allergic to all kinds of wool, just someone being within 5 feet of her would cause her to get hives. I remember once at church my little cousin came to sit on her lap and she broke out so bad we had to go home. So wool for me, too. I'm not a fan of heavy sweaters but I love my wool coat and I had a pair of cashmere socks that I loved until they wore out!	episode_done:True
text:If you like ______, you might like ______.	labels:If you like the "relaxed but sophisticated" element to Eileen Fisher - also try Taylor Jay Collection, Modern Citizen, J. Jill, Poetry, Neu Nomads, Tiny Closet Shop, Cuyana, Ninety Percent	episode_done:True
text:Buy Sell Thread - January 04, 2021	labels:Does anyone have a Taylor Stitch bomber sweater in black sesame in XS? I can't find it *anywhere*.	episode_done:True
text:Craig Green Spring 2021 Menswear Collection	labels:\*cries in Craig Green\*	episode_done:True
text:In all reality Patagonia is a much more ethical company so i feel like they can rightfully charge more than other brands	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What's your fashion tragedy?	labels:I spent like two months investing in a bunch of nice wool sweaters that I could wear through the winter, put them in a separate laundry bin after wearing so I could launder them myself, but my ex washed and dried them on high heat and they all shrunk so badly that I couldn't even fit them on my dog. About $1500 gone.
text:CHAKA CHAKA CHAKKA KHANNNNN   she has a good interview on RuPaul's podcast if you want to get to know her as a person	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Pattern Mixing	labels:I adore pattern mixing though I generally dislike one pattern worn with solids. Makes zero sense. This album is goals.	episode_done:True
text:FAQ: When shopping on a budget, what items have the highest point at which they reach diminishing returns?	labels:In my experience, lower quality at lower price points is most noticeable for outerwear, footwear, or knits (I guess because they all serve a functional purpose) and spending more tends to lead to a more noticeable improvement in quality up to a certain point. That's painting with a broad brush though... leather dress shoes and boots scale much better than sneakers or sandals, where mid-range options are going to be good enough for most people.  T-shirts, dress shirts, denim, and accessories in low-to-mid-range are generally good enough from a quality perspective IMO and I've only really paid more in those categories for a design I like rather than because I think I'm getting something higher quality. There's nothing wrong IMO with buying something because you like the way it looks even if a similar quality alternative exists at a lower price, but that's harder to do if you're shopping on a budget.  I'll also add that for all of the above, your dollar goes a lot farther if you're willing to shop used. Sites like Ebay, Grailed, reddit/styleforum B/S/T threads, etc. have made it a lot easier to buy preowned clothes without having to set foot into a thrift store.  TL;DR When shopping on a budget I'd focus first on having a high quality pair of shoes and jacket. Consider buying used clothes to stretch your budget further.
text:General Discussion - December 11, 2020	labels:*it’s the current meta*   Fuck you nerd, it’s not a video game
text:L.L.Bean x Todd Snyder Brings Heritage Menswear Squarely Into 2020	labels:the t-shirt is high key clean af	episode_done:True
text:I also think that luxury brands have lost the experience they used to sell. What happened to the dream or storytelling?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 24, 2020	labels:I had spaghetti last night and spilled some sauce on my RC tee and  I blame all of you. I hope you're happy.
text:An Introduction to Japanese Menswear Magazines	labels:When I was in Tokyo i flipped through an issue of Popeye because the subhead caught my eye - "A magazine for fancy city boys."  "That's me!" I thought.   It was a nice magazine and had it been more convenient I would have bought it, but it was $25 and fairly large, and we were traveling kind of light and I didn't want to schlep it around for the next two weeks, so back on the shelf it went.
text:I have a safari jacket, yet I have never gone on a safari. Perfidy!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:It's not like *nobody* is wearing jeans, but yeah, denim is kind of at an ebb right now	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Alden Indies - A 7 Year Review	labels:$344 for aldens, those were the days.	episode_done:True
text:Wardrobe Problems: Separates	labels:Without knowing what your pants/skirts look like, it’s hard to say exactly. But what I would do is stock up on some tshirts/long sleeve tshirts/vest in colours you have in your bottoms. Or even blouses in solid colours, whichever shape you normally like. That way it’s an easy mix match. (I do the opposite, love tops but only get basic bottoms that match most things.)	episode_done:True
text:The Business of Markups on Logo T-Shirts. Why You Shouldn't Drop $600 on a Gucci Tee	labels:After all, most of them come from those few chinese factories. The only difference is quality of material used and qc	episode_done:True
text:What are your coziest winter finds/essentials?	labels:Darn tuff wool socks! I wear wool socks year round, and these are super cozy. Also, I'm a sock destroyer, and my darn tuffs hold up way better than my smartwool socks (and even survive the washer and dryer).	episode_done:True
text:I can't necessarily speak to where you live, but in my 28 years of American life I've been to plenty of formal events and I've seen a 3-piece suit worn less than 5 times. It's definitely a more formal choice than a 2-piece suit and the general shift towards casual clothing means even the occasions for a 2-piece are getting rarer. So I would say that it will likely stand out and catch attention as an intentionally formal and possibly somewhat anachronistic choice.  That being said, I don't think it's inherently a *wrong* or *bad* choice - if you work in an area that requires very formal clothing, it could be useful to have the variety, or if you're aiming for that dandy-ish side of menswear that embraces the affectations, it could definitely have its place.	labels:I live in Austria, where things are bit more formal, at least compared to the US (from what I have seen). So more formal suit varations are not as rare but its still definitely the exception to the rule.   I would definitely expect it to stand out, at least somewhat. My main worry was, that it stand out for the wrong reasons.  I do have a shop near me that has a good selection of 3 piece suits. Just haven't been able to make an appointment due to covid. So actually seeing the suit on my body will hopefully help, in terms of getting a better picture.  Thank you very much, for your advice	episode_done:True
text:Fit Battle Round 2 - Side by side	labels:Pic 1 on right side, what are those pants?	episode_done:True
text:I did the same thing back in may when it became clear that we weren’t going back to the office full time and I could do my work while drinking coffee in bed. If it makes you feel better I spent like $500 on loungewear and it feels great to have new loungy clothes, otherwise I bought myself a new scarf and two tops for my bday. My new obsession is masks, I have the bedazzled powerpuff  girls mask from Honeiibeth (shameless plug, their designs are so cute and they deserve the exposure) and I think I’m going to grab 2 more.	labels:Haha I resisted for a long time but now that it’s cold and I’m wearing sweatpants full time, I caved. Fortunately I’ve prevented myself from buying any masks because I’m making my own (or not... staring all all the cut out fabric waiting to be sewn lmao). Maybe I should count the cute floral fabrics I bought in my clothing purchases.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 21, 2020	labels:Hi gang,  Thanks for a largely good and positive year here! However, I find I really need to take a break from reddit/social media especially just prior to the holidays as it's far too easy to come across a story or comment that just destroys my mood. I'd rather be present for my family.  Hope you all are able to enjoy the holidays in your own way, that you stay safe and healthy, and that we all have a much better 2021!  Best,  Met
text:Winter staples?	labels:Long sleeved midi dresses rather than 3/4 sleeved midi dresses. And boots instead of sandals.	episode_done:True
text:Is Money Important for Style? - The Style and Direction Podcast	labels:I was thinking about this in relation to my own style -- where I spend and where I don't. For instance, I'm really particular about how dress clothes fit, so I spend a lot on tailoring because it matters there. Other big ticket items are outerwear, because they tend to dominate an outfit. However, I definitely spend less on casual/basic things like jeans, tees, and chinos. Often, I'll wear $20 chinos with a $50 sweater, a $600 jacket and $200 shoes, so the price-per-piece for certain outfits are often from the different tiers. To me, it's about knowing what items are truly "making the outfit" and spending the most where it matters.
text:I wear a lot of white tees. As such my apt just has Tide pens everywhere. I found one under the sink one time.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do you shop at TJ Maxx/Marshall’s?	labels:Short of getting a bit of insider info, I think the only way to really have success at those stores is to browse them at least once a week (probably twice).  My aunt tends to go every other day and finds some amazing stuff…because she goes *every other day*.  She says it doesn’t take her long because she’s so familiar with their stock, but it still seems exhausting to me.  (As opposed to spending three hours scrolling through Poshmark in bed every night…)
text:world wide wide	labels:	episode_done:True
text:This is a good idea I think! I'd just be a bit self-conscious in hotter weather because not a lot of people wear suspenders where I'm from.	labels:Wear them under your shirt too. The very ends might be visible but they should be hidden over all.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 04, 2020	labels:i kinda want to post this in its own thread, but have any of the more ~advanced~ users found ways to wear kill shots outside of basic bastard fits?   i think mentally i’ve considerably progressed past basic bastard (even if my closet hasn’t 100%), but i feel like kill shots work best with those types of fits. or maybe it’s just what i associate with reading all the BB guides and stuff a few years back lol
text:MFA Brand MegaReview: Drake's | January 16, 2021	labels:I wear a lot of Drake’s and love them. Their shirts are the absolute best, and while expensive, last a really long time - I have been buying them for 6 years and have yet to retire a single one. Their jackets are super dope (I have a few). Would recommend anyone hemming and hawing about an item to pull the trigger, you won’t regret it.	episode_done:True
text:Psychological & personal reasons for impulse buying	labels:Yeah, I shop a lot because I'm usually sad and it feels like new items will fix that somehow, or make people miraculously like me more. I'm aware that it doesn't work like that, but I love dressing up as a "new me" every day and I easily get bored... but that's just mental issues :/  With autism and me identifying as queer and all, I'm not exactly popular and there isn't one version of me I'd consider the real me, which makes it even more difficult. "The real me" fluctuates day by day, and so do my outfit preferences. I often buy things impulsively that I WILL love for quite some time, but never on two subsequent days, for example. I've been mocked for this, but I've still found I'm happiest like this, with my crazy big wardrobe and tons of different styles.
text:I do this too with my wardrobe. Ha ha!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I wholeheartedly agree! I ordered a few pairs of jeans from different brands and they all fit differently. Only one of them fit true to size.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What’s something you wish you could tell clothing manufacturers to do differently?	labels:No one wants fake pockets	episode_done:True
text:Shopping for clothing items you already own: confessions of an outfit repeater	labels:It meeee.   I have the black sweater in at least 8 iterations. One fuzzy, one ribbed with thick turtleneck neck, one longer ribbed with thinner turtleneck, one cable-knit with pearl buttons, one similar with regular black buttons, one boat neck, one cowl and that's not counting the chunky boyfriend ones.   Don't even get me started with red dresses. Last year I counted 14, but they're too many to now to recall from memory alone.	episode_done:True
text:How to avoid looking older with your clothing??	labels:Don't worry! You're most likely not going to look any older. Clothes do much less for your age than you think. Just imagine a middle aged lady that dresses like a teenager. She's not fooling anyone. If dressing like another age worked to look another age, we would all do it 😂 just enjoy clothes and experiment with fun looks, it's easy to pull most things off while young.	episode_done:True
text:Haha same. I'm like "oh is people going out?"  I like my life in joggers and hoodies nowadays	labels:	episode_done:True
text:new year, old shoes — an upcycled shoe album	labels:I need those black Kanghyuk sneakers so badly	episode_done:True
text:What are your favorite tough winter boots?	labels:LL Bean boots with Goretex and a shearling insole. You will be dry and cozy. Add wool camp socks and I could walk forever in them (and did walk 5 miles in them last weekend).
text:90s/00s Bollywood Fashion	labels:This is so awesome lol. Fantastic job.  The time period covered in this album is also a near-exact overlap with the liberalization (along broadly "American" capitalist lines) of India's domestic markets, as well as the West's own hamfisted attempts, after the fall of the Berlin Wall as well as the USSR, at a kind of liberal multiculturalism (of the "United Colors of Benetton" variety). So from both an economic and a cultural perspective, it's really interesting to look at how mainstream Bollywood styled their leads during these years.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 08, 2021	labels:Got late and didn't realise we needed to go grocery shopping so I made pasta aglio e olio for tea. Was wondering why it tasted so flat until I realised I hadn't put any salt in it. Oops.   _Season to taste, people._
text:There is no unmarked woman	labels:I hadn’t seen this before, though I read her book on men and women and language.  To be fair, people didn’t reflect on the gender binary back in 1993 when this was written. It didn’t come up in the LBGTQ community until the late 90’s and didn’t become a popular concept until fairly recently. Back then Tannen was considered sort of progressive.	episode_done:True
text:I knew that about decorative hats. I’m not brave enough for something like that! Hat pins seem fiddly also.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Layering	labels:1, 3-5, 8, 11-13, 16, 18-22, 25-30, & 32-38 are not examples of layering. They're guys wearing normal clothing + a blazer/outerwear (jacket, coat, vest, etc..)
text:At least it doesn't say, "How Carhartt a Billion Dollar Brand Looks Like."	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What Do You Wear With Strong Sentimental Value?	labels:An old ass Volcom T-Shirt. I grew up going to PacSun and I’m 25 now, I have this shirt that I got when I was 14 perhaps. Worn a million times, the color still is holding strong, only a tiny hole but is also the softest t-shirt in the world now. Highly recommend the Volcom Eco-True organic cotton shirts. They are super high quality. I’m an adult who still wears Volcom and I have no problem with that haha.	episode_done:True
text:What were your favorite menswear collections that showed in 2020?	labels:J-Jill has some pretty fire skirts if that’s your thing. Been rocking a lot of floral pattern skirts and thrifted combat boots and it’s pretty dope.	episode_done:True
text:List of a couple of inspo albums	labels:Hero-ki	episode_done:True
text:lol no, BV's target group is definitely not affected by this economy downturn.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I feel this deep in my soul. Jeans with flannel on the inside are always my go to	labels:	episode_done:True
text:That red hair accessory tho \*chefs kiss\*	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 07, 2021	labels:Hey everyone. Having a dinner with a couple friends tomorrow and need advice with wardrobe. Was planning on wearing a black button down shirt, black blazer or peacock, khaki wranglers, tan full quill ostrich boots, and a belt. My question is this, Is it more important for belt to match shoes, or belt to match shirt? I’ve seen both recommended. Or if there’s a color combo that is better. Most of my clothes are currently in storage while waiting to move to new house
text:Formula for a put together outfit that works for most aesthetics	labels:I've basically been using this system for years, but my assignment of points is much more flexible, includes negative points, and also takes into account situation/setting. For example, in some settings I classify my visible tattoos as negative points, but 1+ points in others.	episode_done:True
text:This is horrendous both for you and for that other woman. Pretty sure it's not generally HR-sanctioned to spout fatphobic bullsh*t about the employees of your own company (or anyone), and yet I bet the HR lady's not gonna fire herself for that offense 🙄	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Wardrobe Problems: Separates	labels:I worked in an office environment since starting after university, so my "uniform" has been business casual  attire consisting of button up shirts and blouses that I interchange with bottoms (dark trousers or pencil skirts). I find that going for a light and/or neutral coloured top, paired with a dark coloured (black, navy or grey) high waisted bottom has been worked for me.  It's about balance I think. Depending on your personal style, you can try a patterned, or colorful top paired with a dark coloured/neutral bottom, or vice versa. Or try monochromatic pairing, or some kind of color theme to the separates. Starting with neutrals is easier, and then maybe venturing into other color palettes, textures and patterns, depending on what you like.	episode_done:True
text:How do you style/match your footwear with your outfit ? Do you use colour blocking method ?	labels:Whenever possible, I try my match my shoes with my purse, and if that doesn’t work out I try to match with shirt/jacket. Doesn’t have to be an exact match but as long as both are either warm or cold toned I think it usually looks nice!	episode_done:True
text:Buy Sell Thread - December 28, 2020	labels:This is a friendly reminder to only post links from Grailed, Ebay, Depop, and similar reputable platforms.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/malefashionadvice) if you have any questions or concerns.*	episode_done:True
text:This sounds like a solid plan, but I don't have IG	labels:I bet you could do the same with pinterest if you're trying not to get too deep into social media. Onc you start pinning certain types of images, you'll see more that are similar to it. But you can follow folks on Pinterest and brands from the same hemisphere as you, who are following current seasonally appropriate trends. Plus, I have a winter and summer pinterest board and am always pinning out of season clothing whenever it comes up, even if I can't wear it atm.	episode_done:True
text:Funny question	labels:100% a pleated midi skirt. Something about how you can both dress it up and dress it down, while simultaneously making it an effortlessly classic look makes me swooooon	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- November 01	labels:What boots are stylish now in 2020?  I have some old CDBs, I don't like the elastic in Chelseas, and I've never been a fan of Doc Martens.
text:RRL is introducing Vintage & Antique products	labels:It was my understanding they always did this at RRL. They should really consider buying back their vintage Polo from collectors and flipping that too.
text:What are people's experiences with clothing challenges like trying not to buy clothes for a year/only buying second hand? What are some tips?	labels:I'm doing a no-buy year (exception being things like sports bras or replacements for things that are no longer wearable), and the biggest help to me was unsubscribing from ALL marketing emails. Removing those updates from brands and sales and such was helpful, especially since we're so inundated with online marketing nowadays.
text:I'm Not a Watch Guy I Swear - Street x Sprezza	labels:I am a watch guy, but very much a relatively broke one.  Had I known how much trouble it would be to break into watches, I might have said never mind and wisely walked away. I didn’t, though.   Some pointers for those interested:  1.	The cost of the watch is only the upfront cost. Like a car, a mechanical watch needs regular maintenance. Generally speaking, this will be anywhere from $300 to $1,000+...every 5-7 years.  2.	Because of point #1, entry level (~ $500) mechanical watches are not pieces you will pass down to your kids. In fact, it is usually cheaper to trash them entirely and buy new than to bother having them serviced.  3.	People will tell you there are deals to be had in the vintage market. That’s true, but it can also be difficult to find parts or people willing to work on them. 4.	There is relatively little offered between entry level and about $3,000.  5.	There is nothing wrong with wearing a quartz or digital watch.   All that being said, I still love my small collection. Just wish I had known those things from the start.
text:Schott 538 Nubuck Cowhide Mechanic Jacket	labels:Hmm this or the taylor stitch cuyama jacket 🤔
text:Imo a capsule has a relatively low number of items that can be mixed and matched while a uniform could technically mean as many clothes as you like so long as they look similar (think cartoon characters' wardrobes).	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How have you been doing your shopping since Covid?	labels:I generally hate shopping online, but I have been. If possible, I'll order 2 sizes for items and return what doesn't fit. Ideally I like to return in store, but I have found a lot of the stores near me have closed this year so that is a more annoying option.  I also hate that so few brands include shipping labels, I do not have printer so that means I need to go to Fedex to print, and then drop off at UPS or postoffice. It is annoying (printing at UPS is too expensive).
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Layering	labels:I love layering so much. My personal favorite obnoxiously layered combo is Henley -> Flannel button down -> Cardigan -> Chore coat.   Not sure how it feel about the fits with vests over a sportscoat/jacket. Especially with the jacket lapel pulled up and over the vest.
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Corduroy	labels:Where’s the coat from in pic 2?	episode_done:True
text:Is there a fashion show that is widely considered to be the greatest show of all time?	labels:I’m not sure where it stands in the eyes of the industry in general, but the Spring 2011 Dior Haute Couture show is my all time favorite show and basically shaped my entire fashion outlook to this day.	episode_done:True
text:Top Down / Aerial / Crotch Shot WAYWT	labels:Note: This is not a shitpost. This is an actual weekly thread for people to post outfit pictures from their perspective (i.e. Top Down). WAYWT stands for 'what are you wearing today?' though obviously you can share outfits you've worn before that within reason.  So please feel free to share.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/malefashionadvice) if you have any questions or concerns.*	episode_done:True
text:Not sure if this has been done already, but I'd love to hear your POC-run Etsy store recommendations!	labels:ArcherHomeDesigns for cool unique furniture, pepperpalm for hand painted plant pots, KazvareMadeIt for unique kitchen items, and CuttingByDesign for adorable custom spa headbands and handmade cloth goods.	episode_done:True
text:All things K-Fashion!	labels:I feel like a stumbling point ofr US people is that the streetstyle isn't always...lady shaped(?). Like in Korea they'll wear baggy tops with baggy pants and it all fits, but isn't fitted. Even the streetstyle guide author in her demos still retained the American silhouette.	episode_done:True
text:Yes to that! My faves look like a chocolate bar	labels:	episode_done:True
text:When we return to in person, you can go to black tie fundraiser events. Pick an organization, buy your ticket, and party for a cause!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How to combine colors	labels:The article about monocolor wearers is awesome. I don't think I have the self-assurance or tie for that, yet, but I may grow into it with time - how fun it would be to dye all of my own matching clothes in exactly the same shade. Thank you!
text:Ooh I’m intrigued. Outfit details?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do you handle budget increases when it comes to clothes? (ex. going from student to working professional)	labels:I don't have a prescribed budget that I stick to, but I try my best to ensure I max out my generous 401k match and other accounts provided from my employer. I have a certain amount I keep stashed away as an emergency fund if I can't work for several months, some for paranoia from being raised lower-income and some for the fact that I live in a HCOL area. Other than that, I am super flexible with how I spend my money, which is ~dangerous~. Luckily, fashion and food are my only pricey hobbies. I'm really privileged to be in this position with a rewarding job and understand that this is not the norm for many.  I got a substantial promotion and raise this last summer, so I definitely have been overspending this year as I try to ramp my wardrobe back to my ideal self, rather than my more practical self; I was also purchasing a limited number of pieces since I was in a client-facing role making half as much. I moved from buying clothes on the more affordable spectrum (mainly pre-scandal Everlane, and KOTN) to buying pricier pieces, usually in the pre-owned designer spectrum (mainly bags, shoes, and outerwear ranging from $200-$3000). I'm finally scaling back by having a curated wishlist and aiming to resell any unused pieces (easier said than done).	episode_done:True
text:Overdressing - Discussion	labels:I work on political campaigns for a living, and part of putting together event briefings for candidates is deciphering the dress code and putting in plain English what they should wear.  Neither of these were my candidates, but I have seen two candidates overdressed for the event-- one man and one woman (of opposing parties).  This particular event was a beach cleanup sponsored by an environmental group.  Volunteers were gathered to literally pick up trash from the beach.   If anything, the accessory of the day was cleaning gloves.  The male candidate wore a designer suit and newly shined dress shoes.  The female candidate wore a skirt suit (think Sarah Palin) with 4 inch stilettos.    This event was back in 2011.  When I put together what a candidate should wear to an event, I think of these two candidates dressed to the nines to pick up garbage from the beach.   This is NOT an image you want to convey to voters.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 09, 2021	labels:Thoughts on earrings in 2020? I wanted to try it out :))
text:Seconding Vrai and Oro. I got two gold necklaces from them a few years ago and am very happy with the quality and design. They do high quality dainty jewelry perfectly.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 21, 2020	labels:Does anybody know who does manufacturing for Todd Snyder, Aimé Leon Dore, or any of the mid-market streetwear brands? I'm curious how they actually find somebody to build such quality products, seems like finding manufacturers is an insanely difficult task.
text:The RC hoodies break in really well too.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 25	labels:Finally got to watching The Boys as everyone's been raving about it. Maybe because I read the comics previously, but this was not how I expected the show to be. Still trying to figure out if I like it.	episode_done:True
text:Tips for reducing impulse buying/careless spending?	labels:I think buying *nothing* except bills and groceries might be a little unrealistic, given that you've slipped up a few times. Can you give yourself a small budget? Personally, I have a yearly budget for clothing. Some months I spend nothing, some months I spend more, but it's all bugeted for.  Overspending on clothes can come from treating shopping as a hobby. I switched from browsing online stores to looking at high fashion photo shoots and shows. Still scratches the fashion itch. But you can't exactly impulse buy a $10,000 dress.   Can you also try focusing on other, non-fashion related hobbies? Reading is a great one for me, and I don't spend anything on it because my local libraries are awesome.	episode_done:True
text:RIP! that's crazy considering the popularity of thrift stores in general	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Stockings vs Tights vs Leggings	labels:no contribution here but I personally hate most tights because the inseams tend to be too short for me and tall tights are often more expensive and harder to find (sheertex doesn't make them anymore....why???)
text:Shitpost Saturday: Fashion AITA	labels:I am fairly well-known in my community for my unique fashion sense, ropes of pearls, zebra-striped roadster, and two-tone hair. A woman I knew from my school days has a lot of spotted dogs. When I commented that they would make a beautiful coat, she became offended! AITA?   Edit to add: My husband is a furrier, if that helps your decision.  Edit again to add: I may also be a lot older than the woman with the spotted dogs and have a red and black roadster and no husband, depending.
text:Menswear I Drool Over: FW/2020 Part I	labels:The best fashion accessory truly is a smile.
text:Favorite Etsy Shops/thrift accounts?	labels:Not Esty but I have heard Depop is good.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 05, 2020	labels:Dress shoes and t shirts: Yes or No?  I think I'm pulling it off for now but the outfits really have to be black and white (literally). Any tips or criticism of that style. (Also Chico and or jeans are my pants)
text:I love all the new leather clothes this fall, what have you bought?	labels:Of all times to have leather be the popular fabric, when I’ve gained the quarantine 19.
text:Please share the brands! I try to shop as ethically as possible nowadays (which I've found expensive) and thrift before buying new - but I'd also like to support the companies doing it right so that there continues to be an incentive for other companies to move more ethical production.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Your #1 tip is helpful, but my concern with sizing up is that I don't have a particularly large waist. My butt/thigh to waist ratio is a bit off in that I have naturally big thighs/a big butt compared to my waist. So if I simply sized up I would be quite loose at the waist. My jeans have already been a bit loose as is :(   As another redditor commented, I may have to look into the cut itself as to simply sizing up.   As for #2 and #3, thank you for clarifying. I've learned a lot in this post!	labels:Maybe experiment with types of fits, not just size. For example, Levi’s has the 541 athletic fit, Naked & Famous has the “Weird Guy”. Both are advertised for small waist/big thigh guys.	episode_done:True
text:Something along the lines of "This \_\_\_\_\_  stuff is not what I signed up for ". lmao  Honestly, to be expected. It seems that all the shit comments are basically the same, with varying amounts of homophobia sprinkled in	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 13, 2020	labels:Slacks are the most comfortable items in my wardrobe short of sweaters. Why do so many men hold the sentiment that “dressing up” equates to being uncomfortable? I just went to a Christmas service at an employee’s rural church where everyone wears jeans or other 5 pocket pants and oxfords. No problem with that at all, but 4 or 5 people made comments about my slacks/shirt/tie/bomber jacket/boots(he said be casual...I still over dressed with the tie) with things like “man I’m glad someone can wear those”.   Who hurt these people? Are teenage men being put in some awful $99 suits and being traumatized? I have never worn less than a decent department store suit so maybe I am blind to struggles of others, but even a $300 department store suit is quite comfortable. Nothing compared to 100% wool tailored pants that feel like amazing pajamas, but still comfortable compared to jeans.
text:2020 Fall Fit Battle - Superlative	labels:Most underrated fit	episode_done:True
text:I haven't handled them personally but they are likely far nicer than any belt you can buy new for $30.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Manifesto, the bizarre yet intriguing sneaker: world’s first asymmetrical shoe in mass production?	labels:To be honest; it doesn't look that bizarre yet intriguing. I've seen worse	episode_done:True
text:[Inspiration] Jewelry	labels:Is that Daniel Day-Lewis?	episode_done:True
text:I second these!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Because he's famous and little girls like him.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 20	labels:I’m trying to follow the capsule wardrobe program by having less clothes to give more more looks. Right now my wardrobe consists of:  -	Solid tees in colors that match my skin tone (warm skin tone, green veins) -	gray cardigan -	1 gray hoodie -	1 Carmel colored flannel -	2 striped tees -	1 set of black joggers -	2 pairs of jeans (one straight cut Levi’s unwashed and a slim fit -	gray quarter zip Patagonia -	leather bomber jacket -	Stan smiths -	Iron Ranger boots in the reddish leather -	chukkas in brownish leather  Right now it seems I’m only really able to layer creating new looks with my cardigan and my flannel. What other kinds of top layers could I add in to create more looks?  Side note: I work in tech, at home right now. But shorts are acceptable in the office so I avoid formal clothes.  Location: Seattle	episode_done:True
text:How do you shop in COVID?	labels:I mainly thrift, but I'm a stickler for trying things on in store and since I don't feel comfortable shopping in person anyways, I've finally sucked it up and tried out Depop.  It's been about 5 years since I last did any online clothing shopping, but I've had pretty good luck with it so far, but I've got a good eye for what shapes are gonna work for me, and I always message the seller about something before I buy.  I probably would have picked up a couple of things for Asos, but they don't do video anymore, so I'll probably try and tackle Poshmark next for some of the more fun pieces on my list.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 07, 2020	labels:Some wholesome news. My partner and I are getting increasingly serious about getting married and I thought before moving forward I should "come out" as NB, make sure they would be okay if I'd make this a salient part of my public persona etc. Their answer was "duh, like I don't know that".  Our nups will be *toit*.  edit: thanks all :)  edit: also thanks all who asked about pronouns etc. I am A-ok with male pronouns, "dude", "my man" etc.
text:Just how revolutionary is Harry Styles’ Vogue cover?	labels:The article hit all the points I was thinking except one. Why Harry? Why do we all look at Harry Styles when talking about revolutionary men's fashion when there are so many others who've done it before and are doing it right now. Just a thought.
text:What are you wearing for Halloween this year?	labels:I'm making a moth costume. Not a sexy moth, just a really big moth. I don't have anywhere to wear it and I don't really care. I'm doing it anyway.
text:FAQ: How do I pick out my first suit for professional internships, interviews, etc.?	labels:I think the advice for "what to wear for job interviews" has changed a *lot* since the sub started. Increasingly suits aren't even a good idea in a lot of industries and you'll be over dressed.  Further, the advice from before was often to get "one good suit" and to spend a lot of money at Suit Supply or similar.   I think for a lot of people, suits will be so infrequently needed that spending $400 on a suit is most likely over kill. Especially if you're a student and on a budget.  Read the guides on how a suit should fit, a lot of that hasn't changed too much. Then go somewhere where you can try the garments on in person (writing this for if/when COVID ends) and go from there. I find it weird to recommend to beginners to try and order a suit online without seeing how the garment fits on you first or spending more than around $200 if it's something you'll need maybe twice a year for the career fairs.  Get something in a basic navy or charcoal, brown dress shoes, a white dress shirt, and a basic grenadine tie to go with it. Easy.
text:RRL is introducing Vintage & Antique products	labels:Would any of you know if their Safari fragrance might be destined to come back? I’m always hesitant to purchase it via eBay and such.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 23, 2020	labels:Men's Chelsea Boots  Boots are generally heavy. And I get tired easily wearing them. I'm looking for a pair of lightweight Chelsea Boots. I wonder if any company makes a Chelsea Boots in a lightweight  midsole/ outsole.... Maybe something like EVA foam or a crocs material etc..	episode_done:True
text:Influencers with Jobs: A Brief Collection	labels:Wow thank you for introducing my to simplycyn, her style is amazing	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 01, 2021	labels:Covid vaccine kicking my butt. I had a crazy fever last night. Today I'm really fatigued.   I'm not educated enough to know for sure, but I wonder if my reaction is due to me already getting sick in November. Body freaking out or something.
text:Lmao wut	labels:	episode_done:True
text:As a Canadian I refuse to get rid of my skinny jeans. Half the year is spent surrounded by snow, slush, and gritty slime. I have to tuck my pants into tall boots. I remember when flares were super in when I was a kid/young teen and all my friends and I would be wandering around with these sopping wet pants slapping around our ankles. Never again.	labels:I remember my too-long flared jeans wet and tattered in middle-school. I’ll invite the devil in and make him tea before I go back.	episode_done:True
text:Are jean shorts on men really that bad?	labels:Yes, if you wear them the fashion police will hunt you down and put you in jail.      Nah, but they do seem a lot less acceptable in America than here in Europe. I definitely think cutoffs are the way to go though.
text:Fucking John Mayer.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are you hate wearing?	labels:Just a mix of nonstop leggings and sweatpants. I miss dressing up but I'm so fucking lazy. On a good day, I shower and change into leggings, a bralette, a  teeshirt and sweater/sweatshirt. On a bad day I just stay in my pajamas all day.
text:In Honor of RBG, What is your Dissent piece?	labels:A pair of great quality, black leather high heels with a slight platform sole, may not sound like much but they give me 5 inches extra height and I’m already 5’8”, walking in to meetings in those gives me an edge as I’m often the tallest one there. I’ve had to face down a fair few older, conservative type men in my day and they have generally hated me being taller and knowing my stuff!
text:Yes to revolve- the brands that come to mind are nbd, lovers + friends, h:ours, privacy please, lpa   They also sell by the way and super down but the price and quality is lower on these imo	labels:	episode_done:True
text:NYT: The Very Right-Now Allure of Going to Extremes – Reviews of Rick Owens, Loewe, and Dries' SS21 Presentations	labels:I enjoyed Dries' looks the most, I think because they were innovative, typically joyful, but also achievable. By which I mean the silhouettes were liveable and they played with colors and patterns in interesting ways.  Now that I think about it, I feel it's a bit like my own aesthetic.  Some good inspiration!	episode_done:True
text:As Chanel Raises Prices For A Second Time this Year, What Do Luxury Brands’ Inflating Prices Mean for Them & for the Industry at Large?	labels:Luxury brands inflating prices means creating another pricepoint at higher categories. When fashion tees at $300 a pop becomes the norm, why wouldn't the luxury brands jack up the price on other products to increase their margins?  The only way this can be curbed is through the consumers. When we stop falling into the hype cycle and scramble to buy up everything just for the gram and social media likes, these products will sit and go into the 50-60% off discount during the sale seasons. All these brands have data; when they see that stuff is sitting and mostly selling at lower price points, they'll need to curb their expectations and set price points accordingly.   It doesn't help right now during COVID that I see people whose jobs/income did not get affected by COVID, and therefore has additional disposable income because they aren't eating out, partying etc. They justify spending more on items at MSRP instead of waiting for a sale.
text:General Discussion - October 26	labels:Waywt today is full of heaters, great job crew
text:Yohji Yamamoto F/W 2021	labels:Yohji and these neoprene, silk, acetate, crepe, distressed, shiny, embellished, w i d e, drapey layers can snatch my bank accounts wig anytime bb.	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Let's talk about Fall!!!	labels:I put on my Doc Martens. If there aren't any crunchy leaves yet, I put coffee beans or dried pumpkin seeds in my boots to feel the cronch.    Doc Martens are useful since you can be the sexy witch and the crochety grandpa in them, depending on what you put on.    I go by grandpa in the streets by wearing clothes, witch in the sheets by wearing only Doc Martens and nothing else.
text:I think this is a bit of a disingenuous reading. Leandra voluntarily stepped back because her statements about Black Lives Matter in June were so off the mark, and the accusations of racism and her role in perpetuating an unsafe and unfair environment for POC employees spiraled from there. I don't know about the gossip, but to pull the plug without giving her employees the time to actually demonstrate their new vision, or even make preparations for being on the job market during a pandemic--maybe it's the behavior of a typical investor/owner, but it's not the "humble, always learning/growing" persona she has been putting out since the summer. I am a little tired of people getting away with cruel capitalist bullshit just because they are women. That's the whole "girlboss" conundrum and I'm glad it's dying out. I was excited to see what the staff did to turn the site around, but they weren't even given the chance. And this isn't corroborated, but if you tell your employees on Sunday the site is closing and less than a week later they get their severance and that's it, it seems to me like that is at least a potential indication of reactive, irrational and last minute decision making, if not a "tantrum."	labels:Yeah ngl, I am so completely disinterested in any form of feminism that's more aggrieved about one very wealthy woman being criticized with vaguely gendered language than it is about a whole bunch of financially precarious women on her staff having their livelihoods upended without warning in the middle of a pandemic winter. Who-owns-what-and-has-the-legal-right-to-lay-off-whom doesn't really factor into my moral reasoning either. If that makes me a crackpot, well, so are the people who actually wear these outfits in real life.
text:What style rules or clothing attributes are you ruthless about?	labels:Nothing that needs to be dry cleaned except winter coats. Hate the smell, hate the bother, hate the expense.  No glitter, no metallic thread. I like it on other people, but on me it makes me feel like I’m wearing a costume. Sequins and paillettes only on formal evening wear (for me).  No dolman sleeves (for me). I don’t like how they look on my busty inverted triangle shape.
text:Unless you have severe sensory issues a well fitting,  broken-in pair of jeans or chinos  should be comfortable enough for most people	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 19, 2020	labels:NorthFace is offering 50% off for healthcare workers. So I'm looking to get a new jacket. Mainly for every day wear when it's between 30 - 50 degrees. Maybe waterproof.    Any suggestions?	episode_done:True
text:Photos of what you mean and a real budget in dollars will get you better answers.  That aside, I find it difficult to imagine a cheap floral suit that doesn't look awful.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What have people actually worn to funerals you've been to?	labels:I used to work in a funeral home and can tell you that I've seen it all. There will always be the guy that shows up in jeans and a barely nice t shirt, for some reason. There will always be a woman who shows up wearing a skin tight tiny club dress that barely covers her bum, but I guess she thought it was okay because it was black and also a dress? I've seen people wear sheer black clothing like somehow that's supposed to be a shirt. I've also been to funerals with wacky dress codes: everyone wears Hawaiian shirts or the everyone wears a chosen colour associated with the deceased.   But good rules to stick by: Wear clothes that are darker in colour; black, navy, dark green/purple. White dress shirts are appropriate, but having a jacket to go over it is ideal. If it's the summer and it's hot; boys, skip the jacket, but wear a tie and tuck in the shirt and girls, wear a flowy dress, ideally to the knee, with a light shawl or dress pants and a light blouse.   The purpose of the funeral is to pay respect to the deceased, and you want to keep the focus there. Wearing something too bright, or tight, or short, or casual can distract from what's going on and the importance of the funeral. The goal is essentially to blend in, not stand out, because the funeral isn't about anyone other than the deceased, so the attention goes to them. It's one of the few times that I believe everyone should put aside their own ego and allow the day to be about the deceased.
text:What are your 2021 Fashion / Style Goals?	labels:I decluttered A LOT this year , several garbage bags full of clothes I don’t wear / don’t like wearing , so my goal is to do a slow but carefully thought out overhaul. I’m going to start with super basic pieces and replacing my jeans for higher quality ones then move from there. This is likely going to take place in the second half of the year though because I’m currently paying off credit cards, so we’ll see!	episode_done:True
text:man gets hot water and suddenly realizes he doesn’t need us  all jokes of course, peace and clarity to you friend.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Organizing Closet: Help!	labels:I divide my wardrobe into two main categories - workwear (including going-out clothes too) and home wear (including clothes I'd wear to run errands but are not nice enough to wear to work.) Those are divided again into spring/summer and fall/winter (obviously there are overlaps, I'm ok with these.)   Dresses, blouses, blazers/jackets, skirts, and dress pants go on the hangers; tees, sweaters, and jeans are folded. Socks, underwears, and scarves go in the drawers. I also have a coat stand where I hang my worn-but-not-dirty clothes. I'm not super strict with the categorization, mostly because I have limited space, but I know where everything is and it works for me.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 19	labels:Looking for something like Patagonia's Better Sweater with the full zipper. Hopefully around $50, and without a logo.. any ideas?	episode_done:True
text:I love the idea of uniform dressing with dresses! just out of curiosity, want kind of dresses and sweaters do you prefer?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 27	labels:Asked yesterday and got a few upvotes but no responses, so trying again today.  any recs for the following:  1. corduroy bucket hat (< $50)  2. turtleneck sweater, no wool ($100-150)	episode_done:True
text:The Perspective of Medieval Menswear	labels:Nice to have something written by Simon informing his primary audience (of affluent, often snobby 35+ y/o males) that their sartorial preferences are not the end-all-be-all and that fashion isn't something to sneer at	episode_done:True
text:Ermenegildo Zegna F/W 2021	labels:I am HERE for Giorgio Armani-inspired comfystyle tailoring.
text:Where do you find inspiration for your Outfits?	labels:I use Pinterest, but, I follow the people I get inspired by. So, for me, that’s Blair Eadie, Keiko Lynn, Coury Combs, Wendy Nguyen and some others. I start pinning their outfits I like and then Pinterest uses their algorithm to show similar outfits to what I pinned. So,if it sees that I pinned a photo of an outfit with a pink coat, it will show outfits with pink coats. So, go in mind with what you like, and then Pinterest will start figuring you out.	episode_done:True
text:Black 100%	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: 6 Degrees of Separation	labels:Those denims with a hint of rainbow are surreal!   Where can I get myself a pair??
text:> blouses with impractical sleeves  very here for this	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are your predictions for 2021 suit style?	labels:I for one, would like to see a shift away from the unstructured jacket to something with a bit more structure, but not the padding extravaganza that was.	episode_done:True
text:I feel this in my soul.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:are the best fashion sales usually at --   end of March, end of July, end of September?  i can never get it right. ergh	labels:It's usually July/Aug, and January. End of season sales.	episode_done:True
text:That's a great rule!!!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 27, 2020	labels:Where can I buy some nice jackets for large man, 4XL-5XL, I wanted to buy a jacket from Columbia but they only got up to 2XL. Any recommendations on some cool jackets?	episode_done:True
text:Ah yes, strategizing when you wear which outfits because you want to wear an outfit multiple times but don't want to risk being seen wearing it twice. I loved the first two years of college for that reason- M/W an T/TR classes had entirely different sets up people. The outfit repeats were abundant.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I hate pants unless they’re leggings, so I never wear them. I have all kinds of dresses, but for something like Thanksgiving I definitely prefer a looser dress. I’ve also done a wrap dress for Christmas, because I can slightly loosen the waist.	labels:I can get down with jeans that are comfy, I kind of enjoy the feeling of wearing jeans actually. Mostly I live in shorts and skirts, but there is also something comfy to me about wearing something longer and which kinda hugs your body. But when you're celebrating a holiday that revolves around eating a huge meal, it's pretty much the worst thing. Everyone in pants just sitting around being uncomfortable after the meal until they leave Grandpa's house and finally get to undo their fly. Lol. A loose dress does sound a lot more pleasant.  While I transitioned years ago, I usually see conservative family on the holidays, so I still try to dress up en masc, and it's a little ridiculous. Will be nice to have a smaller gathering with just close fam this year (siblings and my mom only, all of whom live together).	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 15, 2020	labels:Where do you find the midrange between mall quality and high end menswear and sweaters?I'm come across too many brands with sweaters and shirts in the $500 and above range.     Where are the gradations between mall quality and high end clothing?   In particular, menswear brands that are understated, and reserved, but confident and fit well.  So far, I've identified the following brands:   Billy Reid   Todd Snyder   Buck Mason   Alex Mill  Sweaters should be in the $100 to $400 range.  Thank you.
text:Does anyone have a "uniform"?	labels:I often buy multiples of items I love. I bought several of the same cardigan after I realized that I wore it more than any other sweater I owned. It's great!  Another thing I do is, when I see an item I like, I mentally run through my closet and see if it will mesh with what I already own. If it works, I get it. If I'd have to buy several new items to make it work, I don't. For this reason, I don't own many t-shirts, but I do own lots of sweaters and dresses.
text:How do you shop for specific things without google clogging up with items from fast fashion? Or. How do you find the real designer of a fast fashion item?	labels:I’d honestly suggest using Depop or Poshmark. Most of if not all of the results are second hand so it’s less likely to be fast fashion. Fast fashion definitely makes it way in there but you can raise your price bar to around $10+ or $15+ to weed all those out.
text:What's been your experience with men's stores/departments?	labels:Not trans and don't dress intentionally masculine, but I'm a woman who shops in the men's section all the time and it's fine! Just do it and after the first couple of times it'll feel easy. Anybody who is rude to you has the problem, not you, but it's never happened to me, including while shopping in other countries - - in Japan I wouldn't fit in most women's clothes, so I basically have to shop the men's and they seemed to think it was interesting and were happy to make the sale.  Maybe not the most apposite comment for your situation but wanted you to have the perspective that there are a lot of reasons you might be shopping there so you don't even have to feel like you're under undue scrutiny. One more suggestion: if you can, it might be easier to shop in a bigger city; in New York nobody would blink.	episode_done:True
text:Is anyone into MBTI? Do you feel like your fashion preferences align with your personality type?	labels:INTJ. I basically wear the same outfit every day with (slightly) different colors and fabrics. Long sleeve, fitted, shallow v-neck shirt/sweater; "cigarette" style pants/jeans (or joggers while working from home/being comfy); ankle boots or pointed flats. Everything is solid color; some color blocking when I am feeling adventurous. Everything I wear in public fits well, and any structured piece gets tailored. I like nice fabrics, and the clothing \*must\* make \*me\* look good.  If I could get away with it, everything in my closet would be navy (or at least a dark color). After being accused many times of wearing the same outfit multiple times a week, I have learned to add in flashes of color/accessories to make it clear that yes I am indeed wearing a different outfit than yesterday thanks.
text:General Discussion - November 29, 2020	labels:Finishing Queen’s Gambit tonight, hit me with some show/movie recs!
text:Thoughts on jumpsuits?	labels:I love jumpsuits, but the dressy ones in place of a cocktail dress, not in place of my casual clothes.   I wear them whenever I can for events though! I have a velvet one-shoulder one, a cape one, and a pink flutter-sleeve one and I’m always much happier in them than freezing and naked-feeling in a dress.	episode_done:True
text:Things I'm Excited to Wear This Fall — Die, Workwear!	labels:I got hung up on the candy list. Lots of errors, but Kit Kat should def be #1
text:Decolonize Sustainable and Ethical Fashion	labels:Great delivery of information, thanks!	episode_done:True
text:Great collection. Thanks for sharing this.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Matching shoes & purse	labels:I think now you can wear anything as long as it's in season.  Being in the Northern Hemisphere, I'm not going to wear straw bags in the winter and corduroy in the summer.	episode_done:True
text:I feel like the “athleisure” trend was never meant for minorities in the real world.  You try athleisure you’ll definitely feel it.   For minorities, fashion has very narrow limits. Minorities cannot try the entire gamut. All these “inspo” posts don’t apply.   Even Michele Obama had to narrow her choices. Anything else, even her as the First Lady would feel the consequences.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:VF to Acquire Supreme, Valuing Brand at $2.1 Billion-plus	labels:They're laughing all the way to the bank. 😂	episode_done:True
text:I think the prices on Poshmark are actually usually quite high for really outdated pieces, depop is much better IMO!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Please tell me more about these platform oxfords! Also, definitely relate to my style being less serious these days.  I wear scrubs at work, so no change there, but I definitely gravitate towards more exciting pieces when I go out.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Right in the iron rangers	labels:w2c katahdins???	episode_done:True
text:What are your go-to, everyday shoes?	labels:Blundstones in the winter, white keds in the summer. I'm a simple gal. 🤷‍♀️  Side note, I wear orthodics so my shoe choices are based on whether I can rip out the insole and fit my orthodics. Unfortunately this means no sandals during the summer unless I really think it's worth it to sacrifice cuteness for knee pain!
text:Top of WAYWT - September 2020	labels:Ended on iron rangers...excellent form MFA.	episode_done:True
text:The Fall Edit: Mr. Ethan M. Wong on the Rugby, Balmacaan, Western Shirt, and Raw Denim	labels:Great article!  I wish I could pull of a western shirt without looking like a poser lol.
text:Sounds like some WGSN bs	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 09, 2020	labels:Got an interview to be a paralegal assistant tomorrow morning eep
text:What a fucking chameleon.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do you challenge yourself?	labels:Not exactly what you're looking for but I've challenged myself to only buy thrifted, vintage, secondhand or bartered since the start of 2020. I've allowed myself to buy new if I cannot find the item on any of those sources.   This means I have to try really hard to make out of style items look in style haha. I'm lucky to live in a large city though, and there is a bartering app that is really widely used here.	episode_done:True
text:I don't think I'm gonna finish my glosses, tinted balms and cream blushes before they go rancid. I was looking forward to panning them this year :(	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Same body type, also not a fan of tucking 90% of the time because of it	labels:Same!	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Casual Tailoring	labels:I stumbled in here by accident, but nobody around here would think that these clothes are unusual, it would take a heck of a lot to disturb anyone here. There was an eccentric guy with a stunning moustache and very specific attire, looked like he stepped out of historical fiction, at my local grocery store. I didn’t see anyone do a double take, although he was pretty notable lol. I’m not a guy tho, maybe guys put pressure on each other to maintain a certain norm.
text:Shitpost Saturday: The Most Important Item in your Shopping Cart	labels:R u all pores? I pay for $249 EXPRESS NEXT DAY SHIPPING obvi	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 24, 2020	labels:trying to start up an instagram for waywt completely disconnected from my normal accounts  of course instagram is fucking creepy so you cannot create an account without it being instantly linked to friends/family on my main account  i do not need people from a decade ago commenting on my clothing. damn you instagram
text:What to do when nothing fits you properly?	labels:I would suggest going to a stylist at a store like Nordstrom. You don’t have to buy. But have an expert listen to you and find things that are flattering for your body type. In fact, I’d suggest trying this with two stylists so you get different perspectives. If you still find fault with how you look in those clothes, perhaps you’re being too hard on yourself and your appearance. Good luck.	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Thoughts and Prayers	labels:I worship at the altar of bad taste, so you have to wear head-to-toe neon, clashing patterns, animal print, sequins, or metallic leather to be invited to my church services (which will take place at 8AM on a Tuesday to test your commitment to the concept on a weekday in daylight.)
text:General Discussion - November 24, 2020	labels:Is StyleForum just MFA with a massive 18East boner?
text:[Serious answers only] FAQ: Why does runway fashion looks like nothing you'd ordinarily wear on the daily?	labels:The clothes on the runway are designed to represent, as closely as possible, the idea and sentiment that the designer is using to inspire the new line.  It's analogous to the Platonic ideal. Because the ideas can be so abstract, so too must the clothes. In fact, you can think of it as a series of progressive dilutions, from the designer's mind, to the runway, and then to the clothes that you wear in your day-to-day.
text:Fall Jacket Recommendations	labels:What’s your style? Are you in a rainy/foggy area or will you see snow? I’m in eastern WA, so my trenches are used for about one month in fall, and then a month or so in spring, with true winter coats being used from October-April or so. I have several wool/fur dress coats and a couple parkas. I’ve over indulged in coats the last several years so my carts are empty, though I’ve been eying a dark green wool coat for over a year...
text:wuz, just wanna say that it’s good to have you back!	labels:thanks oui! good to be back!	episode_done:True
text:A Vontade Fall/Winter 2020	labels:Oh man I feel old	episode_done:True
text:No specific mask to recommend, but I've found that putting the top of the mask over the top end of your nose (where nose meets face) and putting glasses over the mask works like a charm. Ever since I've started doing that I've never got foggy glasses.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Quilted Pants	labels:Great album but missing my favorite, Craig Green!	episode_done:True
text:In total agreement with this. I kept trying to find my season/palette/whatever using a bunch of systems and always got frustrated. But then I found friskygatos on IG and she was just like... "Hold up colors next to each other and if you like them together, wear it." And her lizard brain concept was super freeing.  Today I wore an all pale pink outfit and got tons of compliments and felt fabulous. I don't even know/care if it was my most flattering color, but just the fact that I looked different than the sea of neutral outfits out there made me happy!	labels:> "Hold up colors next to each other and if you like them together, wear it."  That is literally how I choose outfits and I've been told I look well-put together.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 18, 2020	labels:Something tells me that guy aint gonna post an album of daisy dukes and tie-dyes. Even though a jean short / tie-dye album could be a fun inspo and absolutely something I could see on here.  @/u/DangerG this could be your shot
text:HA this is me whenever I go to the post office! I have to wear all the clothes that I have been panic buying during quarantine!	labels:Same lmao! I’ve bought so much with barely anywhere to go! Better wear it when I can!	episode_done:True
text:Top Down / Aerial / Crotch Shot WAYWT	labels:Note: This is not a shitpost. This is an actual weekly thread for people to post outfit pictures from their perspective (i.e. Top Down). WAYWT stands for 'what are you wearing today?' though obviously you can share outfits you've worn before that within reason.  So please feel free to share.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/malefashionadvice) if you have any questions or concerns.*	episode_done:True
text:Canadian Tuxedo: A Denim-On-Denim Inspo Album	labels:It needs a bit of plaid lumber jackets to rly be Canadian inspo lol.	episode_done:True
text:What are people's experiences with clothing challenges like trying not to buy clothes for a year/only buying second hand? What are some tips?	labels:for me the biggest motivator for only buying second hand is the ethical aspect. just reminding myself each time i'm tempted to buy first hand that the industry behind the clothes is vile and i don't want to contribute to that. the environmental aspect is a plus.   as for not buying clothes at all, i can't help because i love fashion and i don't really have any interest in giving it up. i started shopping more frequently when i started buying second hand actually because i just love digging through piles and piles of clothes to find the perfect piece. it feels very rewarding	episode_done:True
text:People always shit on creators when they do this - I know several instances of female creators, whether they're bloggers, writers, show runners etc. that get shat on because they pull the plug when their hand is forced and THEIR project is turning into something they hate or have no control over.   And people never ever shut up about how it was a selfish, childish 'fuck you' but never stop to think that it was THEIR project to do whatever they fuck they wanted with. People don't respect artistic and non-traditional business endeavors so they will never understand the issue with handing it over to someone else or compromising on the voice or vision of the project.   They forced her hand and she shut it down, good for her. If she were a man, people would be bending over backwards to applaud her. 🙄🙄	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 20, 2020	labels:what's on ya'll's mind
text:Michel Foucault's Iconic Style Evolution	labels:The guy in the jean-Paul Sartre picture is Albert Camus
text:I like it.  The style starter pack just turned into a bunch of silliness...I think it's a good way to have fun.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Silk turtleneck?! I must’ve missed that one. I got the silk crewneck and while thin, it had a nice elegant feel. Good for you for snagging that shirt. Can’t go wrong with one of those!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Once I had a day off and was planning on visiting the beach. Until: Work emergency. You know, the kind of jobs where you don't want to be wearing shorts and might still be underdressed in a skirt suit.   So naturally I _was_ wearing shorts. And then the boss wanted to discuss something with me in private so we went for lunch. In the corporate restaurant.   God I still get nightmares.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 21	labels:So I have a couple of fancier suits that don’t see much action. My friend just told me that I should be wearing them at least once in a while maybe once every week or two because they are full canvas and it needs to conform to my body shape? I can see it being legit but I’m not sure. Can anyone confirm?
text:What does business casual mean to you?	labels:It's really dependant upon where you are. In South Florida, business casual is golf slacks and a polo, or a wrap dress with sandals (and this isn't the entirety of business casual in South Florida, I'm just pointing out things that would not generally be seen as such elsewhere.)   The best bet is to go online, find this group's Facebook or Instagram accounts and look at what people are wearing at their events. I doubt very much that anyone is going to bat an eyelash at you wearing a skirt, and I'm sure that your work clothing is absolutely appropriate for whatever events you're attending.
text:Does anyone else use a “formula” to create their outfits?	labels:I like a fitted piece with a looser piece. Two looser pieces look sloppy and too many fitted pieces look try hard to me. So slim trousers or skirt with a looser fitting top for example.   I like to mix stripes with patterns in similar colours and fabrics.   I wear sundresses with Sandshoes in coordinating colours all the time in summer. I am trying not to surrender to the need for little coordinated cardigans with using a nice denim jacket I’ve had for years.   In winter I love capes and wraps over either dresses or trousers. I don’t love jerseys and sweaters as the weather here changes all the time.	episode_done:True
text:"Well you can always make more money" I love that saleswoman.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Gorpcore: How Arc’teryx Parkas and Salomon Hiking Boots Became High Fashion	labels:Cool I have been dressing this way since the 80’s and working as a messenger in university	episode_done:True
text:A-Cold-Wall F/W 2021	labels:Good stuff here, but I worry retailers are gonna continue to have the ~~safest~~ boringest buys. A couple of extraneous pieces here (don't know how look 3 meets anything else) and I object to the suit 20 because I think the jacket and pants don't match cut-wise, but that seems personal. It feels modern and progressive (I hesitate to say fun because the lookbook seems kinda serious, but it does seem fun) without feeling like it'll be caught out of time too soon.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 06, 2021	labels:Is it super bad if you wear a dark top and dark pants? I'm talking about polos/shirts and jeans here, nothing super fancy.  For some reason, I have tons of dark tops (well because I like dark tops) and I know I should probably get lighter jeans but I have a hard time finding them.  Anyway, what do y'all think?
text:General Discussion - December 10, 2020	labels:Fucking customer without a mask just spat on me at work. I’m freaking out a bit guys   Edit: Management is taking me off the schedule for the week but now they’re saying I’m not guaranteed to get paid. Fuck :)
text:Can you have a clothing style without actually wearing that certain style much?	labels:This isn’t a direct answer to your question, but I’ve found I have a ‘hopeful’ sense of style and a ‘realistic’ sense of style.  Hopeful-me will think about buying a teal floral wrap dress because it’s gorgeous. Realistic-me knows it will sit in my closet untouched for 3 years because I don’t wear teal!   I’ve learned to differentiate between the two while I shop, at least. If I was a celebrity suddenly, maybe I would lean towards hopeful-me’s style, but for now I am normal and realistic!
text:"Which Sports Jacket Office Are You?" – Permanent Style	labels:Definitely tweed. I love tweed jackets! that and those light weight Kando ones (tech ones) are what I wear most these days.  Also suits are in decline in a lot of places, mostly being limited to interviews, funerals and weddings. But even then, at least in interviews, a sports jacket or blazer, with a tie and slacks or chinos is now acceptable too.  in my experience I haven't seen strict demand for suits at funerals and weddings as well.	episode_done:True
text:No problem!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:That’s the biggest life lesson I’ve carried on from one of my high school teachers - if you find you truly love an item of clothing, it’s worth the time to go back and get it in every color (that’ll fit your wardrobe).   Now if only I were the type to recognize immediately that I love an item instead of waiting until it’s no longer sold, that’d be grand.	labels:This is spot on.	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Let's Talk About Purses	labels:I make ten million dollars a year at my wall street job BUT I only have one purse from madewell because I like to be humble unlike certain women I see with multiple fancy expensive purses (no judgement!! just not the way I was raised :)).  I love it because it’s a pretty tiny bag— perfect for me since I don’t need to carry any makeup around because I don’t wear it! I couldn’t focus at work with all that cake on my face, I don’t know how those other girls do it. they probably aren’t hitting their performance targets like I am!   I also love that it’s vegan— I wouldn’t want to do any harm to my fellow living beings! anyway gtg, I have to go sell bets on the value of someone’s family home :).
text:This year has been my pants year. I’ve gotten so many new pairs this year lol	labels:I also had to seriously step on the pants break.  It’s a vicious cycle. I got nice pants then buy a top for a good look with them, then I think of a *better* look for that top with another pair of pants, but none of my pants exactly do that job, so I buy a pair of pants. Repeat.
text:A Basic Guide to Useful Knitwear	labels:/r/misleadingthumbnails	episode_done:True
text:Haha no worries, I'll make sure to post the next announcement on Tuesday. Work was just too busy this week, but I'm pretty much done with the bulk of it and I'll be back to regular schedule.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 17, 2020	labels:I think it's time for a break, I feel like I've dropped all my marbles and am no longer inspired to share anything. Hope I can be back eventually and everyone take care of yourselves!
text:Bernie Sanders' Mittens Won the Inauguration Fit Battle - And you, too, can own your own toasty upcycled woolen mitts.	labels:I for one appreciate politicians not giving a fuck about dress codes. When they all wear suits they blend in and that lets them get away with so much more awful shit. Make no mistake, I love a good suit, and I wear them regularly - but it definitely is the outfit worn by the greatest terrorists and mass murderers on earth. Maybe it's time we let politicians express themselves.
text:What’s going to be the next shoe of the year	labels:Whatever it is I hope it’s not square toes and yet another season of suede winter boots too delicate to wear in weather
text:The Evolution of My Style As a a 21 Year Old Hijabi	labels:I love your style and the way you accessorize. Also, that scarf that is attached to your handbag and you’re wearing in the last photo is beautiful	episode_done:True
text:This comment should be higher up	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Celebrating the Basic Grey Sweatpants	labels:The topcoat / sweats combo always looks so right in photos and so wrong when I try.
text:General Discussion - January 09, 2021	labels:Thoughts on the same outfit everyday? (black t, jeans, white sneakers, watch)  I have a solid muscular build and the shirt and jeans fit me well. Will I look like a douche?
text:Shitpost Saturday- Call for Submission	labels:\- Your clothes are ruined by a house fire, but you have no budget to replace them. Which charred scraps will you wear? Which singed item is now your favourite? Which molten accessory will you pair with your outfit?   \- Your new crush is only turned on by food. Which delicious, home cooked/prepped/baked outfit will you wear to seduce them? How does your outfit represent their food choices (chocolate addict, vegan, lactose intolerant)?   \- You are visiting your mother for a few days, but somehow your clothes got lost. Which items from her wardrobe will you wear? Do you end up looking like your mom or are you able to wear something that represents your own style? Bonus question: how would your mom like if the situation was reversed?   \- You get a last minute invitation to a party. The dresscode says only 'Christmas'. Alas, you do not own anything Christmas themed. What outfit can you come up with (using only non-Christmas themed items) that is still Christmas-y? Beginner level: it is winter. Expert level: it is summer.  \- Your friend(s)/colleague/whatever asks you to help them find an outfit. You thought they would never ask! This is your chance. What outfit do you think they would look great in? How different is it from their regular outfits? Why have they never thought of this themselves?   \- Society as we know it has changed. Nowadays, everyone on Earth wears the same, neutral outfit. The only way you can express your individuality is through your shoes. Which ones do you wear to represent your style, interests or personality? Which (hidden) message do they convey?
text:Do you think fashion or style has age restrictions?	labels:I'm 35 and wear crop tops and high waisted jeans. Why do so many people on this sub care so much about what others think about them? Wear trendy items, don't wear them, just stop trying to make some women "other" than you due to some fashion superiority complex. Lord.
text:How to Make a Savile Row Suit: A Short Documentary from the Museum of Modern Art	labels:Thank you for sharing this!  I loved how it was filmed!  I  think you should post this on r/ArtisanVideos.	episode_done:True
text:Hand wash only clothes	labels:I have an excellent tip for this! Get a large salad spinner and some gentle lingerie soap, put your really delicate stuff in with some warm water and detergent, spin a hand-full of times and let it soak for 5 mins, drain the water out and fill it with cold water, let it soak for 5, then spin, drain, refill, spin drain repeat till it comes out clear. Takes maybe 15 mins total and you don't destroy your clothing. You can even spin it again once the water is out to speed up drying if you let it air dry.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 02, 2021	labels:Are there any chinos similar to Everlane's air chinos (thin, lightweight and high rise), but with a similar or higher price and quality and without the questionable business practices?	episode_done:True
text:Fucking finally. Feels good to be a New Yorker right now. The entire city is very loudly and visibly rejecting him. I want to believe somewhere, deep inside, that impotent little chickenshit is feeling that rejection, hard.	labels:I was at McCarren partying for 3 hours earlier. WOOP WOOP	episode_done:True
text:the costumer in The Witcher has achieved this aesthetic imo	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Women that work labor jobs, what parts of your wardrobe are most important to you?	labels:If you don't have any requirements about synthetic fabrics, you have a lot more options. Are you in a climate controlled warehouse? I basically dress for outside weather every day just in case I get stuck out there all day.  Golf polos and dark jeans. T-shirts and tops with fancy/formal detailing (like a half zip and a little pocket, or a fabric with a neat pattern or modest see-through or lacey details on the shoulders). If they have giveaway or purchasable polos with the company logo those are a good option. I used to only wear unisex cotton blend tshirts to work on the days when I would be sweating a lot, but I invested in some nicer athletic fabric v neck tees from Under Armour and now even drenched in sweat I at least look better than I did in high school marching band camp. Also on the topic of sweating, if you know you'll get gross, bring a change of clothes so you can look and feel fresh for your afternoon meetings!  I've seen some womens' only safety toe brands, but never tried them. I use the free boot truck at work. But they have some that we call the "el jefe" boots, that look more like boating shoes or desert boots or are a nicer looking leather. Those might be a good option to make you feel confident and put together.  I think fit goes a long way to make you look professional (and like a boss).
text:Does anyone else always hesitate to buy what they truly love because they don't have a social life?	labels:Outside of Covid,  I am perfectly happy to wear fancier than necessary clothes to work out while running errands.    What I really want and can't justify is a floor length formal gown. I don't think I have ever gone to a black tie event.  Why don't people have fancy parties anymore????? I just want to wear a ball gown once a year,  is that too much to ask?
text:FAQ: How do I pick out my first suit for professional internships, interviews, etc.?	labels:Color: navy or charcoal. Maybe some subtle pinstripes but nothing flashy. 2 button, single breasted. Don't wear a  vest. If it's cold, wear an overcoat, inside should be warm enough for just a suit coat. Suit coat should come down to about your knuckles. I usually opt for a white shirt and a tie with a conservative pattern.  Honestly, I got my interview suit at Macy's for just under $300. Needed a little work in the sleeves but otherwise wasn't terrible. It's your first job, people don't expect you to have a bespoke suit, but you shouldn't look like you picked it up at Goodwill either. You can usually find something at Men's Wearhouse or any of the major department stores, and then get the pants and sleeves hemmed to the appropriate length. The stores should all have modern slim fits, but don't get something that scrunches up if you button the top button.
text:Shitpost Saturday: Expressing Your True Self	labels:My true self is exposing 70% of my breasticles to show off my jesus chest piece
text:It's not bad when they're around the ribcage, there's rigidity there so nothing folds.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The 'going out' top! I just realised why I've avoided fancy tops from that era, I think I was firmly over the impracticality of them.   I wonder how soon halters and/or one long sleeve tops will be back?	labels:I've already been seeing one sleeve tops around a bit lately. And I'm in Perth, Australia which isn't exactly fashion central haha.
text:This is why I love nordstroms videos they attach to many goods, they flip the item around and usually hang it normally so I can see at least basic construction.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:For those who define their style as "classic-traditional" (tailored, fitted, matching, sleek), what are your typical outfits for work, on the weekends, date-night, running errands or lounging around?	labels:I have to dress biz casual lite (aka, not jeans) for work, so my work/weekend outfits are the same - I like button-downs with midi skirts and ballet flats or feminine mule slides, high-waisted trousers with thin fitted tops, linen shorts and button-downs, and dresses (sometimes with a sweater over the top or a cardigan).   I feel like I’ve slowly narrowed in on my favored style via trial and error and I usually focus on the silhouette - I like things that nip in at the waist and I either have a looser top or bottom, but never both. I stick to a neutral palette (lots of camel, light blue, black, and green) and avoid anything too trendy.   For lounging around, I wear sweatpants haha - but I have cute high-waisted ones in a pretty tan color that are slightly “elevated.”	episode_done:True
text:Influencers with Jobs: A Brief Collection	labels:Style Apotheca on Youtube is a pharmacist!   I definitely prefer to keep up with influencers who have real jobs for a few reasons.   Firstly, I don’t love when every other post or video is an ad. It makes it difficult to differentiate between actual personal style content and what’s just an ad for a company I’m not interested in shopping at. I don’t like being Sold something every time I watch a style video, and I find you get that less from influencers who get income from day jobs.  Secondly, as you say, there is a bit more realism in what they’re posting. Style doesn’t happen in a void, it has to happen in our daily lives. I don’t wear four-inch heeled boots to work, and I don’t like watching a college-age girl try and make Work Relatable content by making “Work Outfits” with four inch heeled boots. Influencers who have day jobs understand what it is boring office employees like me are looking for in a work outfit 😊 sure, maybe because of their “influencing” work they spend more money buying high-end clothing items that I’m simply never going to justify buying, but I don’t tend to follow people like that for very long.
text:give me a reason: inspo from multiple sources	labels:I dig this  One common aesthetic I notice, not necessarily clothes related, and maybe not what you had intended, are interesting/characterful textures in the surrounding setting. More coherent words are escaping me, but many (though not all) of these pictures have cracked or peeling paint, geometric patterns in the wood floor boards/cement tiles/bricks which show beautiful but non-homogenous aging. Very wabi-sabi, though not in the meaning of worn out clothes as it is often interpreted here.   I recognize this is some fresh word salad, hopefully I conveyed the idea though!
text:Robert Redford is straight fuego in 3 Days of the Condor. Just watched All the President’s Men the other day, the man rocks flares like no other.	labels:I’m watching it now and it’s great. Funny how the dramatic chase scenes have this groovy porno soundtrack though.  Edit: turns out most of the action scenes are dead silent which I love. Tension and realism. 💀
text:General Discussion - November 07	labels:YOU’RE FIRED
text:TABI THYME	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Inspiration has to come from somewhere: The Burglyfe	labels:We’ve all be in quarantine for too long.	episode_done:True
text:Finally someone who feels the same way. I always feel like it looks like a  garbage bag too lmao	labels:	episode_done:True
text:When your personality and aesthetic don't quite match?	labels:I’ve dated a few guys who don’t seem to get boho/ drapey style. They seem to be of a toxic masculine mindset - If it doesn’t show off your boobs/ waist/ butt or VAG HOLE then it sucks
text:Overhauling my wardrobe with lasting pieces	labels:Outlier	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 25, 2020	labels:Found (one of) the dead rat(s) under my oven and the stench has slightly alleviated, just in time for pie baking. Planning on:  * Pumpkin * Coconut Cream * Ube (Actually Japanese Sweet Potato)
text:Revisiting Fall/Winter Favorites -Duffle Coats pt 3	labels:Who made the coat in the first pic??	episode_done:True
text:Good for you! I pretty much avoid heels b/c they make me taller than a lot of folks - and hurt my feet!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Let's Talk About Purses	labels:I don't like ever being unprepared so I always like to have a light sweater and my laptop with me, as well as a full down parka, a tent, a sleeping bag, my pistol, a mid-size portable generator, some snacks, several chickens, gold bars in case society falls to ruin and paper currency is rendered worthless, kleenex, and my favorite lipstick. Does anyone have any stylish but functional suggestions? For the time being I've been unhinging my jaw like a snake and fitting everything down my gullet till I need it, but space is limited and I'd like to be able to carry a few more essentials. I really am a purse person.
text:Does AGE really effect your choice of Fashion - Clothing Trends (Discussion)	labels:It's totally dependent on the environment you live/work. 5 years ago I was dripping in "minimal streetwear" but now I wear suits every single day. Shit, I still have a closet full of Common Projects, W+H, etc. but I feel weird wearing that stuff even on my days off.	episode_done:True
text:How do you find your true style when you're surrounded by fast fashion?	labels:In my experience, style is more about HOW you wear your clothes than it is about the clothes themselves. My advice is to start with items you can wear every day like accessories, footwear, outerwear, hair/cosmetics that fit your style so you can mix those with your current wardrobe instead of having to buy a ton of new stuff all at once again.	episode_done:True
text:Review: Brunello Cucinelli Men's Deerskin Derby Shoes	labels:How much?	episode_done:True
text:What are your tips for being stylish when your weight fluctuates like crazy?	labels:Sort your closet by size so you know what's there that'll fit you.  Get a pair or two of pants that fit you whatever size you currently are, and are decently forgiving. (stretch or elastic waist or joggers with a drawstring)    Wear some fun eyeshadow and mascara and a cute mask. Your personal style isn't limited to the neck down.
text:Crazy theory here - but has anyone noticed that sometimes stores say the item is now sold out? I’ve done this a few times only to come back and the item is gone. But when I sign out it magically is there. I feel like there are a few retailers that use this as a tactic to not “wait too long.”	labels:The "almost gone! Only two left but three people have it in their cart! Sale ends in 01:03:29" types of messages are in fact just marketing. They're designed to create a sense of urgency and fear of missing out, which then triggers the impulse to buy without further evaluation.   Remember how you used to see furniture stores with "going out of business" sales that never seemed to actually go out of business? It's the same thing: people think they have a limited time to take advantage of a "deal" that might never return and are more likely to buy. That particular problem was so pervasive that U.S. law changed to ban that as a bait and switch/false advertising scam.  There are tons of ways that businesses use psychology to entice consumers. Everything from the color of the walls to the height of a shelf is done with a specific purpose. Same thing applies to websites. I found it fascinating enough to get a M.B.A. in Marketing lol	episode_done:True
text:NYT: The Very Right-Now Allure of Going to Extremes – Reviews of Rick Owens, Loewe, and Dries' SS21 Presentations	labels:I guess the article is about fashion trying to get people to feel hopeful, but seeing more masks and references to Mad Max (a franchise where the future is even worse than now) doesn’t exactly spark positive feelings in me. Sorry.	episode_done:True
text:does anyone else struggle with this pattern? if so, how do you FIX?!	labels:Idk if this applies but don't build your outfits/wardrobe around current trends (i.e. everything galaxy not so long ago). They go out of style quickly and leave you with regrets.  Usually a basic/timeless base with a one or two trendy pieces shouldn't leave you embarrassed two years from now	episode_done:True
text:Are jean shorts on men really that bad?	labels:I’ve seen them cycle in and out of style a couple times in my life. Like a lot of things, when they’re on-trend it’s relatively easier to style them, when they’re not it’s a higher degree of difficulty. To a lot of Americans they summon up associations with certain groups of unfashionable men (like stereotypes of hicks or rednecks), gay men (esp. if they’re short), and/or are a punch line (ala Tobias Fünke). Undercurrents of classism and homophobia in some of that, unfortunately. So when you wear them, some of the reaction you’ll get will depend on how you play either against or into all that. Which you may or may not care about.	episode_done:True
text:Nice Laundry No Show Socks Are Terrible!	labels:Bombas	episode_done:True
text:The price tag is not due to some super special features, but for the design. (I mean *some* of it is for the construction, which probably translates into longevity.)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 18, 2020	labels:Recommend a cap toe derby between $150-$300?	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 30, 2020	labels:Not sure if this has ever been answered, but how does Canada Goose achieve such warmth with a comparatively low fill power and weight? Their 625 fill power is lower than other premium brands such as Marmot or Mackage, which both have 800+. And while they don't state their fill weight, I'm guessing it's pretty low as well considering how light their jackets are.  I just bought the Chateau, and compared to my Marmot which is both heavier and has a 800 goose down fill power, the CG is somehow significantly warmer in -5 to -15 temps.	episode_done:True
text:I'm guessing it's the model. Definitely gives off more of a "my father will hear about this" vibe rather than their typical model, who just looks insanely good in anything and gives off a "I've worked hard to look this good" vibe.	labels:Yeah, I also get that from Drakes as well.. Just a scruffy old punk really..	episode_done:True
text:RRL is introducing Vintage & Antique products	labels:They will also post vintage items for sale on their app from time to time as well.	episode_done:True
text:Inspo album: Keith Richards and the Rolling Stones	labels:I LOVE that you included Hayley Williams! Gosh, I thought her style was the absolute coolest when I was younger	episode_done:True
text:Stop Dressing For Your Height [Tim Dessaint]	labels:Thanks! I appreciate the thought of being able to wear whatever, but it looks like it's going to be all black slim clothes moving forward!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 07, 2020	labels:Some wholesome news. My partner and I are getting increasingly serious about getting married and I thought before moving forward I should "come out" as NB, make sure they would be okay if I'd make this a salient part of my public persona etc. Their answer was "duh, like I don't know that".  Our nups will be *toit*.  edit: thanks all :)  edit: also thanks all who asked about pronouns etc. I am A-ok with male pronouns, "dude", "my man" etc.
text:Ahhh the band collars and pastels with soft tailoring are soooo goooood  Edit: and the RED	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I placed an order with Uniqlo last week. It was just regular free shipping and it arrived almost 24 hours later. I was shocked how quick it was.	labels:That's crazy. My Uniqlo orders have always taken at least a week. I guess location also matters.	episode_done:True
text:Brands that no longer live up to their name or quality	labels:kind of all of them? It seems like you have to pay pretty steep prices now to get the quality of clothes that mid-price mall brands had in the 1990s and early 2000s. It seems that most stores have switched to a model of selling poor quality pieces at huge markups with the expectation that they will sell most of the stock at clearance prices. The GAP used to have quality staples, and J Crew was "fancy." Now GAP is really the same quality as Old Navy, and don't know what J Crew is anymore. The quality has certainly dropped, but I also don't get what is up with the designs since you can't even get a reasonable women's suit there these days. Madewell is not made well. Anthropologie used to sell unique pieces with really good construction, now it's roughly the same as other fast fashion, though I do appreciate that they added petite and plus sizing and carry some high end brands too. Levi's main line is terrible now, and to get the heritage quality, you need to get the Made and Crafted line, which is really expensive!  I mostly shop secondhand because I can't afford the stuff I like. When buying new, I try to wait for sales and avoid buying anything "final sale" or with complicated returns unless I know it will work. Clothes that I used to get at Anthropologie, I now get from Sezane, Ulla Johnson, Doen, and Samantha Pleet. I started buying vintage jeans over Madewell/Levi's or expensive craft brands—my 1980s Chic and Gitano jeans were probably sold at K-Mart/Target but are better quality than anything I have gotten from Madewell. I don't wear jeans/denim enough to justify craft denim prices. Patagonia is still very high quality technical wear; I just scope out the Tyler sport outlet and secondhand for deals. Shoes are hard because I don't like to get them secondhand. I switched from Adidas to Veja and Diemme for sneakers (you can find Diemme shoes for huge markdowns on Yoox during the winter and summer sales—I don't think they are worth retail price).
text:MFA Theme WAYWT - Change: Pacific Northwest Style	labels:So... Anybody wanna explain this one to me?
text:Coveteur: An Ode to the Striped Shirt	labels:I cannot resist a good stripped shirt or sweater. My wardrobe is full of stripes for every season and occasion. I appreciate the simple yet classic touch it can bring to an otherwise monotoned outfit.   I'm always on the HUNT for a sturdy, well made striped black and white t or long sleeve. I have plenty from like j.crew and madewell but I feel like they don't hold up for as long as I want. I got one from Vince a few years ago that's aged nicely but it's not black and white so it doesn't get put in rotation as much.	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album - Statement Sweaters	labels:A lot of nice pieces, but the majority are not what I'd call a statement piece, personally.	episode_done:True
text:My god, yes. Just a beacon of hope from head to toe. Loved the mix in her outfit. Classic coat for the gravitas of the moment, proudly black hairstyle for dignity in her heritage, that beautiful shimmery gold eyeshadow for youth and modernity. I cried during her performance. What an incredible young woman.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Congarts all around!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Fall 2020 Fit Battle - Round 2 - Discussion	labels:Bond and Ngoknows is such a sick matchup, really really hard to decide. Salutatorian and Beneficialmovie is also incredible, two amazing fits. Overall I feel like people went harder for round 1 though, I gotta admit. Had a pretty easy time deciding a lot of these.  Completely missed Joel and Kunle! What an interesting matchup. Joel with the really cool tonal look and signature flares, and Kunle with a bold power play wearing neon pink shoes with a suit and I LOVE it.
text:Totally agree. The sizing is super inconsistent. Such a shame because it would just be great to pick up things like the classics from JCrew (button ups, t-shirts, etc) and not worry about the fit!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are some brands and designers inspired by traditional/folk/ethno clothing?	labels:Pippa Holt Kaftans comes to mind	episode_done:True
text:What is the breakdown of $ spent for various outfits you actually wear?	labels:these days most of what i wear is:  hat;  -	one of several baseball caps I have that were all around $20-30, -	a margaret howell beanie i got years ago for around $80 and wear nearly every day it’s chilly  jacket;  -	vintage barbour transport i got on ebay for around $150, -	steven alan japan jacket that was around the same price proxied off mercari, -	secondhand ll bean anorak I got for ~$80, -	anglozine colony coat (purchased for 50% off at ~$250) -	colchik adult jacket ($150)  shirt;  -	one of two mhl shirts I have that were probably around $175ish each, one bought this year and one bought in 2016, -	vetra japan shirt that was $60 on mercari, -	yaeca pullover shirt ($220) -	universal works cord uniform shirt ($80)  sweater;  -	two mhl sweaters that were also around $175ish each, -	steven alan japan sweater ($180), -	secondhand oatmeal sweater (~$40 from a vintage store) -	ijji black sweatshirt ($75 on sale)  tees;  -	longsleeve or short sleeve los angeles apparel tees (all around $20-30) -	one evan kinori/lady white co tee ($90) -	one steven alan japan longsleeve ($85)  pants;  -	dickies 874 (three pairs, $25 each) -	secondhand levis 550 ($20)  shoes;  -	usually either blundstone 2036 ($220), paraboot michaels ($300 on sale), stepney workers club ($90), nike ghost racer ($60 on sale)  I don’t do a lot in terms of other accessories these days since I don’t leave the house much so I don’t need a bag really. I wear glasses and sunglasses but those are inordinately pricey because I have a very high prescription.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 14, 2020	labels:no one tells you that during your training to become a doctor you never actually end up feeling like a doctor, every classmate of mine (including myself) is wildly insecure and some present that as ego because they want to convince themselves that they aren't scared
text:I’ve had good luck with Ratio Clothing.  Their Fitzgerald collar is very much in that direction	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album - Statement Sweaters	labels:Any link for the first chunky shawl?	episode_done:True
text:Favorite fashion bloggers that are your size?	labels:I need less “same size as me” and more “don’t have flawless blemish skin so i can relate”  Now enough is said about the impact acne and problem skin have skin on fashion choices.   Even when i was young and skinny, i didn’t know how to dress because i couldn’t wander around with the same amount of breezy bare akin all models my age did.”
text:The most talked about fashion moments of 2020	labels:> During the uprising, a number of high-end stores were looted – a legitimate form of protest – with Alexander McQueen, Chanel, and Louis Vuitton among them.    I guess that’s settled lol. Last I heard it was still contentious topic.	episode_done:True
text:Hell yes brotha'	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Model poses while online shopping	labels:They do that when the fit if the garment is inferior. It is intentional.  Beware items that have this kind of photography, because most of the time it means the garment has bad construction, weird seam placement, or unfortunate details.  Well constructed items are not shot in this manner. Brands want to show off their excellent construction. It is known.  Hope that helps!
text:Word!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 27	labels:Recently moved from Dallas to Montréal for college and was looking to get some winter clothes as it can get to -40 here. I’m also trying to get some snowboarding gear and was wondering whether it was socially acceptable to wear snowboarding jackets or pants around the city so I can double dip and not buy two sets of jackets/pants. Any other winter fashion advice is more than welcome as my Texan ass has no idea how to stay stylish in the snow
text:I recently bought a nice wool Peacoat form A&F and it was only $50. I also purchased some of their joggers for $20 a piece that were quite comfortable. I was quite surprised how much I liked the Peacoat.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Nice!  With the exception of the Eileen Fisher sweater my scores haven't been high end either but several have been workhorses.   I remember I got 2 pairs of pretty decent skinny jeans, a workout tank, an olive H&M blouse that was work appropriate when I needed more, and a pair of black cropped pajama pants covered in tacky martini glasses that I adore.  I also got some guitar tab books and several novels, and a work mug.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Become a Tailored Suit Pro - Guide	labels:Went to a tailor for the first time today. £25 to get some chinos shortened and tapered.      I walked in and said “I have some trousers that are too wide. I would like them to not be that way”.        He had me change, said “are we shortening or tapering” - which I took as a very polite way of saying “they’re far too long bro”, so I responded “both!”.      We chatted for a couple minutes while he folded, pinned and measured.       He was polite, respectful, and only scratched my ankle once with a needle - I figure that you accept a certain amount of risk when people put pins in a garment you’re wearing.          7/10, most anxiety inducing part was walking through the door. Will be getting my stuff back on Tuesday. If it goes well I will be throwing a lot of business at them, as I have a lot of clothes which would see more action if they were better fitted.
text:> Subreddit shop? Submissive shop? Wait, submarine sandwich shop. That's probably right.   --- My brain, reading this	labels:I thought subwoofer shop tbh.	episode_done:True
text:I'm the exact opposite lmao I'm always scrambling to find clean socks... I ought to do this.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Messy eaters? Tell your stories and hacks / fixes.	labels:A friend of mine always had a replacement shirt in his car. One night he managed to get both stained.  I mean, at least for certain foods you have to lean forward and have your mouth/head on top of the plate, but he used to lean back and have a spoon/fork full of stuff travel all over his shirt. Yep that’ll do it.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 17, 2020	labels:Is it better to fold or hang 100 percent cotton twill pants? Some people on internet say folding and some say hanging
text:Favorite fashion bloggers that are your size?	labels:Check out the #midsizestyle tag on instagram! Also, instagram user @timorous.me has indexes of instagrammers by body type (petite, midsize, and plus-size)
text:General Discussion - November 16, 2020	labels:Who knew it was a loafer/moccasin thread that would bring back the trad lurkers.  It's such a great, old-school internet fashion argument from like 2012.
text:What do you get tailored?	labels:My mom got me a beautiful micro suede blue jacket last fall, but it was pretty bulky. I had it tailored to fit and I love it. Specifically the upper sleeves were tightened and the waist was pulled in.  *it even has pockets.	episode_done:True
text:Review: Church's McPherson Brogue Derbies with Commando Soles	labels:Churchs are lovely shoes and if purchased at an outlet offer outstanding value
text:Does a shearling-lined Birkenstock Boston fit the bill? I love my regular pair, as I'm sure many others here do, and I can imagine the shearling would be warm enough for what you need.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Your 2021 trend predictions?	labels:I think we'll see an adjustment on the enormous puffy sleeves and ruffles, and a trend towards fitted long-line pieces - still historically inspired but with more of an emphasis on ornamentation than on silhouette. Nods to the roaring 20s: gems, jewels, metallics continuing to be prominent; dramatic makeup; heels making a resurgence.
text:Cyberpunks Not Dead - Inspo Album	labels:Digging this! I just finished a month-long cyberpunk roleplay/cosplay/lifestyle and the elements that I was looking for in my fashion choices were sharp edges, black or neon, things that light up, face coverings or face paint to confuse facial recognition software, straps, heavy black eye makeup, bright hair, metallics (although that's just because I have metallics-- I think iridescence is more on-brand). We modified it to tie in some vaporwave/outrun aesthetic as well, so pastel pinks were on the table as well as anything that looks glitchy. I'm loving seeing the overlap and non-overlap between the looks we went with and this album!   Favorite cyber-looks are the wide-brim hat with the blue veil, the Calvin Lou look with the spiked hair, the Emporio Armani look with the black translucent fabric and the tiny 90s shades, the Each Other "free hugs" photo, and the Rocostru silver straps.  I love the veil because I think facial masking is a part of what I imagine a cyberpunk future to be about and I think the color scheme is right on-point. The Calvin Lou and Emporio Armani looks both just nail a Matrix-era vibe to me. I love the way both looks play with showing skin and I love the hair styling for both... both read very cyberpunk to me. The Each other look is great partly because I love turning the storm trooper "free hugs" guy into a nostalgic cyber-icon but mostly because the 3D glasses are super on-brand-- both colorful and technological-- and the outfit is also super functional. And, loving the silver straps in general.  I wish I'd had the idea and courage to go more nipple-forward in my costuming for last month... digging that part of this album and loving the implication that our future is more down with women's nipples.
text:WAYWT - January 18, 2021	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Mellow Yellow	labels:What a fantastic album! Yellow makes me so happy. This was just the thing I needed to convince me to buy this pair of yellow sneakers I've been eyeing. I especially love the yellow/purple combo, which is great because 80% of my clothes are purple. Time to buy yellow things!	episode_done:True
text:11 is also an odd number so...	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 19	labels:Looking into my crystal ball, predictions for the future of fashion:  Like, 10 years from now some dumb brand is going to try to pull a Margiela on "MAGA" hats and appropriate them as part of a seasonal collection, altering them to turn them into a different piece, like painting the logo across the front so that it partly covers the text. The collection will largely be shot down as "too soon."  On the flipside though like 25 years from now I could imagine edgy hipsters appropriating them as their own form of "ironic" fashion. Ageing millennials will condemn it as inappropriate but the youth culture will only cling to it harder as being "subversive," in part perhaps because they don't fully grasp the cultural context of the late 2010s, a period they weren't even alive during.
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Holiday Spirit!	labels:Really like the crooklyn hat and Santa coat guy hahaha whoever that is must be really cool and be really cute and sexy and kissable hahahaha
text:Fall Fashion Inspo!	labels:Love this thread! I’m currently in Aritzia le fou sachie dress with stockings and docs. Otherwise it’s a lot of jeans and sweaters for me.. just trying to stay warm in Canadian fall/winter. I’m feeling a lot of black on black on black lately!	episode_done:True
text:Dream Unconventional/ Unrealistic Fashion Accessories- Discussion	labels:I want my cat to be my accessory. I want her to just ride on my shoulder as I go about my business, running errands, etc.
text:How would you store sentimental clothing?	labels:My mom had a quilt made out of sentimental pieces of clothing from my childhood as a high school graduation present. If you are willing to take apart the clothing and turn it into something new, that could work for you.	episode_done:True
text:Saturday Vibe Check - January 03, 2021	labels:In terms of movies, Blade Runner 2049 is stunning. Dunkirk is another film that inspires me a lot visually.   An album that inspires my creative brain juices is i,i by Bon Iver, and Process by Sampha.   I highly recommend all these things to anyone who appreciates art in those areas.
text:Can You Wear a T-Shirt Under a Blazer and Not Look Like an 1980s Leftover?	labels:I still maintain that a t shirt with a tailored jacket is not a good look. It's a clash of formality. Same reason sneakers look odd with a suit. That doesn't mean you can't wear a t shirt or sneakers, just that they don't look good with those particular pairings.
text:[Inspiration] MFA wears rings (& other jewelry)	labels:I feel like I've been seeing a lot more rings/jewelry content in this subreddit in the past couple of days and I'm all for it	episode_done:True
text:What are a few items that you feel are essential when planning a wardrobe?	labels:This absolutely depends on occasion. Where are you going to wear the stuff you want to curate? School/ uni? Office job? Partying? Hiking? I suggest you figure out your colors, needed occasions and a rough direction of style and look for capsule + whatever tags suit you.   If you have an idea of favourite pieces that look well on your frame you can try to look up those and build different outfits around them.  Just take it slow, and when adding new pieces make a rule that it has to go with a certain amount of pieces you already own or plan to get soon.   Last advice, depending on your funds (or people who want to give you a present) do a professional color and style consulting; your body type won‘t change too soon, your colors never will, so this is a great investment.	episode_done:True
text:I tried wearing only 10 clothes for 10 days! Here are all my outfits	labels:That is extremely creative! We could all do that 😊 I've challenged myself in tha past few days to examine the state of my autumn/winter wardrobe and try on how many different cool outfits (that I actually like and are at least a bit stylish or special) I can make out of clothes I own. I wanted to see which are not really used,  which I must change a bit (maybe dye it a different colour, maybe get it resewn) and what small purchases would really make a huge difference in my wardrobe (a belt, a skin coloures tshirt, a scarf in a certain colour etc) It made me realize I have more than enought cool outfits to last me a whole season, eventhough my wardrobe is not big at all.	episode_done:True
text:it does!!! thank you!!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:All of the "I can't wait for layering season" hype has delivered	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Favourite places to get your fall wool fix?	labels:Don’t forget to check out thrift stores. This is where I stock up on cashmere sweaters for a few dollars a piece, wool skirts, kilts, sweaters, vests, and cardigans, and amazing wool blazers and coats. I’ve found mint condition mohair and camel hair 3/4 coats for as low as $10, black cashmere sweaters for $2-3 and up, and cable knit pullovers for as low as $4. It’s amazing what people get rid of, not realizing how expensive it all is new. I also loooove wool in the fall and winter, and so this has been a super affordable way to build a dream cold-weather wardrobe.   The only thing wool I buy new are socks for the most part, everything else I’ve found at estate sales, garage sales, and thrift shops. When/if you go, definitely go through the boys and men’s departments, too. A bit of tailoring can make anything look custom like some of the pieces on Walker Slater maybe.
text:General Discussion - November 22, 2020	labels:Should I do a review of the KS Traveler Coat?
text:Manifesto, the bizarre yet intriguing sneaker: world’s first asymmetrical shoe in mass production?	labels:When more is, well, too fuckin much.	episode_done:True
text:Has anyone lost their wardrobe creativity as they’ve gotten older? How do you get it back?	labels:What about trying a capsule wardrobe? If you search it up there’s lots of information on how to get started. I did one this year and it totally overhauled my style rut.	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge: Your Favorite Boots!	labels:Wooo im so in	episode_done:True
text:Are there any actual fashion trends in 2020?	labels:we must be living on different planets.   lingerie as camisoles, fur trim everything, distressed tops, denim skirts, sweater vests, low rise pants, straight leg replacing skinny jeans, patchwork jeans, patterned tights, flared leggings, corset tops, fur lined boots, super tall platform shoes, juicy tracksuits, animal prints, tie dye, hand and leg warmers, fluffy bags, all were super popular trends last year. this has been the most trend heavy year in my memory, I could barely keep up.
text:I came here to say this. I was a Nordstrom catalog model for 15 years, amongst others. And normal fitting clothes were shot with basic poses, anything that was weird was clipped on me to hell and I had to do a weird jump or crouch or something.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Wow you had Twitter in middle school. I feel old lol. I had a rotary phone then.   Great sweater!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA's Own: 2020 Favorites	labels:Having a lot of fun scrolling through this really fast and watching everyone do a little dance. Great fits all around, this community has really made 2020 so much more bearable. Love you all <3	episode_done:True
text:Future of fibers?	labels:I think the future of fashion will be that natural fibers will get increasingly rare in the mainstream, but I hope that etsy sellers/minimalism fashion/indie brands that are the source of a lot of my 100% natural products evolve in the future to be more stylish and less “handmade.” I was a teen in the 90s with a mom who was obsessed with 100% cotton and I remember going shopping with her and maybe 30% of the items were that. Last year I went into a Club Monaco looking for either an 100% cotton or linen top and was told that they didn’t have any of that in the store. And Club Monaco isn’t cheap.  >Are there are any brand's or companies that have been successful in using natural fibers and also have quality products?  My list for cotton and linen (because I turned out to be my mom):  - Eileen Fisher  - Jungmaven (hemp)  - Lilla P   - Sunspel  - Demylee  - Tela 9  - The Great  - Amomento  - Filosophia  - Frank and Eileen  - Le Bon Shoppe (my opaque white shirt haven)  - Muji  - Nicholas  - Norse Projects  - SEA NY  That minimalist look:  - Esby Apparel   - Hackwith Design House  - Wol Hide  - Not Perfect Linen (etsy)  - Epic Linen (etsy)  - Linen Sea (etsy)  Affordable:  - Hanes, especially the ultraweight cotton tees  - Uniqlo  - Lands End  You can also find some 100% natural stuff starting at accessible luxury and midlevel designer brands like Tory Burch, Vince, Theory, Ulla Johnson, Comme des Garcons, Frame, APC, L’Agence, ATM etc. as well as mens/outdoors stores like LL Bean. but I listed only the brands that carry mostly 100% or for affordable brands, at least offer a decent selection consistently. All carry cotton and linen of the quality that I remember in my youth as opposed to the paper thin stuff except maybe Uniqlo which is similar in quality to... say Madewell but cheaper/different style
text:General Discussion - October 21	labels:I've recently learned from MFA that  if you are under 6' tall you are considered "short AF"
text:Caruso Fall/Winter 2020	labels:I can’t say any of the tailoring here really speaks to me but the choice of models and posing is great, the dude with the shaved head perfectly matches the vibe they’re going for	episode_done:True
text:new year, old shoes — an upcycled shoe album	labels:That was a wild ride filled with ups and downs and an ending I just didn't see coming. Great work!	episode_done:True
text:I refuse to wear heels to go out dancing anymore. I'll put on a nice dress, but style it with keds cuz those shoes were made for dancing	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Live from the 36" leg openings	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Absolutely. But I also find it helpful in those contexts with beautiful pieces. So, if I tell myself, yeah, $400 for a piece of outerwear with features a, b, c is fair, but this $600 piece really speaks to me, I might go for it, but if it's $1800, fuck that, I could probably just get it made, or get something else that speaks to me just as much for cheaper.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Indoor layers	labels:I think what your serious outerwear is going to be depends on where you live. I live somewhere where the cute wool coats you may see in winter NYC or winter London are not practical. People where I live wear huge down feather coats in the winter, and we are definitely not wearing these coats inside. By extension, autumn is pretty brutal and people may break out their heavy jackets that are double-lined, but again, we’re not wearing these indoors. Since my area is super frigid, we’re not looking at outerwear trends to be cute. People who move here realize that they need multiple coats and jackets, and it’s to be practical and cover the variety of weather changes more than anything.  If I moved somewhere warmer, and didn’t need outerwear for the practicality reason, I would say that I actually love blazers and think they’re fine indoors (because you see blazers in corporate suiting, which is worn indoors). Your mileage may vary though, cause if somebody is wearing trenchcoats and leather jackets indoors, I would question if that individual is looking to leave the building.	episode_done:True
text:Song for the Mute Fall/Winter 2020	labels:Unique patterns, interesting fabrics, all of these feel fresh and rad. This is inspiring as hell.	episode_done:True
text:The Best Ways To Style A Blazer This Autumn.	labels:Padded vest on top of a blazer... *facepalm*
text:I adore seeing biscuits stuffed into some cute espadrilles, always creates the cutest waddle	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Isn’t it technically always “after Labor Day”???	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The Best Ways To Style A Blazer This Autumn.	labels:As someone in their mid 20s and not a celebrity blazers in casual situations feel like I'm over dressing every time	episode_done:True
text:I just had a jacket peel like that. I'm bummed bc it was one of my favorites. I'd like to try and stop the peeling if I can so I've been hanging on to it and not wearing it!	labels:Agree.me too😍	episode_done:True
text:Women that work labor jobs, what parts of your wardrobe are most important to you?	labels:My steel toes are Irish Setter. I got them from Red Wings. I like having the higher boot type (above abole bone), but that's just me. Good shoes for what I need them to be.	episode_done:True
text:just because most of y'all can bench me doesn't mean I can't have an eight pack	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I second this. The "winter" clothes I bought in LA did not prepare me for real winter.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What is your one clothing item that makes your life better that everyone should have?	labels:A well fitted black wool coat in a cut that flatters you. It goes with any outfit. You can dress it up or down, and on early mornings taking the kids to school or late night runs to the store you look like you have your shit together even if your sans bra and wearing 3 day old leggings.
text:General Discussion - November 28, 2020	labels:After spending a few hours doing research on good rings, I ended up going to H&M and just buying 5 for $12. Fast fashion has its place when you’re just experimenting; hopefully its downsides are less when it comes to jewelry compared to clothing
text:Tips for easily looking more modern/in style?	labels:Why not sign up for one of those boxed services? That way you can have someone else style you.
text:There's a bunch of helpful guides you can find through google imagines! There might be some other measurements that could be useful for your style that I didn't list!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I love how everyone is an expert on the dangers of micro plastics and synthetic materials until you show them a fleece and they go crazy for it, why does fleece always get an exception? Just because you buy one from Patagonia and pretend that offsets the environmental impact of plastic.  Sorry for the rant fleece is just so fucking ugly man	labels:I really wanted a wool fleece jacket, like the ones Best Made had.	episode_done:True
text:Yes! I also mix metals because I have a couple pieces that I love wearing for "every day" looks, and screw those rules.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How to combine colors	labels:To be honest, a lot of these resources read like the kind of infographics MFA used to upvote; there's the trifecta of pseudo-objective diagrams (e.g. color wheels), dubious pop-psychology (e.g. colors' subconscious associations), and simple but misleading theory (e.g. "seasonal" color schemes) for lurkers looking for 'rules' to bind them.  And like those infographics, I feel that most of these are, at best, an attempt to transform the act of "looking at things and using your brain" into tractable but useless theory (compare: any time someone tries to create a head-shape matrix for glasses), and at worst pretty much junk (particularly the psychology bits). They're also usually based on the fucky assumption that a conventional white American beauty standard is objectively "correct."  Prevailing trends and cultural/subcultural context are way more meaningful determinants of how to use color than a set of temporally/culturally specific rules, and frankly I think the only way to understand those is experience: looking, doing, and thinking. "Caucasians shouldn't wear all black because it offsets their undertone and makes their skin look less vibrant," for instance, sounds reasonable up till you look at actual people who look perfectly fine in it.	episode_done:True
text:People who've been working from home for most of 2020 - do you think your work style will change when you go back to the office (compared to your work wardrobe pre-lockdown)? If so, how?	labels:I have been working from home in sweatpants and leggings since March and will WFH until at least summer 2021.   I miss going to the office and feeling cute, and being seen by others. A woman I work with told me ‘you always have the cutest dresses’ about a year ago and I absolutely loved hearing that. I’ve learned in quarantine that I don’t dress for myself, I dress for other people.   I’ll probably dress up a bit more when I can go back and wear more lipstick, since I’ve been in comfy slouch mode for so long.
text:What do YOU do with "chub rub" jeans?	labels:Not necessarily what I do, but one time I bought a pair of jeans at Goodwill and somebody had already reinforced the thigh area with more denim. It was the best idea I'd never thought of! I had those jeans for years!	episode_done:True
text:Reigning Champ Hoodie: 2 months later	labels:For reference, my wife bought something from RC on Xmas morning and we still haven’t gotten shipping info yet, so I’m assuming they are off until after New Years	episode_done:True
text:What was the last addition to your wardrobe in 2020 and what was / is going to be the first addition to your wardrobe in 2021?	labels:The last item of 2020 was a camel colored Sherpa sweater from Aerie.   My first purchases in 2021 were leggings, joggers, new sports bras/bralettes, and soft t-shirts. We were unsure for a while at my office how long we'd be working from home, but it looks like it's going to be through at least early summer, so I wanted to beef up my lounge wardrobe since I've basically been rotating through 2 pairs of pj pants and a bunch of ratty 10-year-old t-shirts.	episode_done:True
text:90s/00s Bollywood Fashion	labels:As a white American who has seen over 100 Bollywood movies, this is a surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.	episode_done:True
text:The Fall Edit: Mr. Ethan M. Wong on the Rugby, Balmacaan, Western Shirt, and Raw Denim	labels:Nice article. Dig the balmacaan, looks good man! Also, can you identify the light coloured sport coat in the 3rd from last and last photos - do you know about when was it made?	episode_done:True
text:Me. I haven't understood the Uniqlo hype since everyone was into their cheap and meh-at-best cashmere sweaters.  I get that it works for some people, but there's better stuff out there. In a similar price range, I'd say you're likely to have to go deal hunting rather than MSRP.  That said, I'd much, much rather pay 10 times as much, get less stuff, and get better, more sustainable things.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Advice needed - Nordstroms Out of Stock items	labels:Have you called a store near you? With Nordstrom specifically, your best bet is to get ahold of a sales rep and pray that they'll want to help you. They can do a stock search and see if there are any units left in the company (aka did someone return it?) that can be shipped from the store to you. You'd probably have to call periodically to check.  If it's something super hype, like the latest Supreme shirt, you're SOL and would have better luck buying it after-market at a higher price than retail.  Calling and having someone ship something to you from a store doesn't work for every company - Sephora won't do it and I don't think most fast fashion places will either. Your chances of getting a sold out item go up if you have an established relationship with a sales associate.
text:would you say they are thick?  also, looking at the site i wanted to confirm. is it $16 per single pair???	labels:I would not say thick but the hikers are definitely bulkier than regular dress socks.  Damn here in Canada they can be $30+
text:Can you link me to loosely fitted panties? I'm having a hard time picturing them  and feel dumb.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Speaking of OJ, I see on Twitter that he’s gotten the vaccine. Bastard.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:BEAMS PLUS 2021 SPRING / SUMMER ORIGINAL COLLECTION	labels:Do people in the Eastern US buy directly from beams store online or are there other websites I should check out that carry their stuff?
text:I absolutely agree, I've tried to practice more discipline and not randomly purchasing items on a sale just because it's a good deal. Buying fewer items overall and really liking what you have is the secret to making smart financial decisions.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Bigger, Longer Coats	labels:Willem Dafoe looking extra sharp	episode_done:True
text:My 10x10 Capsule wardrobe challenge results	labels:Outfit #9 was my fav! The pattern mixing looked great!!
text:inspo album for city boys: popeye magazine	labels:Is there a way to subscribe to Popeye in the states?
text:London street style Inspo (circa 1985-1990s)	labels:As everyone is saying, this could be today. I was especially struck by the girl in the carhart vest.  Even more so because the clarity of the photos sets it apart (visually) from earlier vintage looks. If it weren’t for peripheral details like the cars, cigarette boxes, amount of garbage on the street, etc. I wouldn’t be convinced this was 30 years old.  Kind of interesting to compare with some of the outfits and haircuts in the backgrounds, which seem more typical for the era.
text:The Origins of Hermès' Colour Mark	labels:Very interesting and thanks for sharing! I haven't read The Fashion Law before but this article and the ones it links to are right up my alley.
text:Shitpost Saturday: Fashion AITA	labels:I am fairly well-known in my community for my unique fashion sense, ropes of pearls, zebra-striped roadster, and two-tone hair. A woman I knew from my school days has a lot of spotted dogs. When I commented that they would make a beautiful coat, she became offended! AITA?   Edit to add: My husband is a furrier, if that helps your decision.  Edit again to add: I may also be a lot older than the woman with the spotted dogs and have a red and black roadster and no husband, depending.
text:Old Joe Fall/Winter 2020	labels:Goddamn I feel this *so hard*.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 20, 2020	labels:Does anyone else not get the hype with Uniqlo? I’ve tried some of their stuff and I’m not that impressed. Plastic zippers, lackluster fabric, awful customer service. Aren’t there better options out there for the price?
text:I’m saving this thread just so I can come back to your comment. Very informative!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:to be faaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiirrrr... it's a style explicitly seen as something one gets literally in high school. Like, you can throw as much fashion terminology as you want at it. But that's the first thing 99% of people are going to see.   Like, it's enough as a trope that any high school show will use it as a signifier of "this guy is the jock".	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 19, 2020	labels:I just bought my first pair of timberlands. How should I lace them for style? Also do you keep the timberland tag on the boot or take it off?
text:Call for Moderator Nominations & Applications v2	labels:I nominate u/pumaturtle to the heretofore non existent position of MFA Ambassador which should definitely have a term limit but smart people should work that stuff out.
text:Women with ADHD & Sensory Processing Disorder: I need Clothing recs!	labels:I describe my wardrobe as ‘aggressively comfortable’. If I don’t say, “ooooh,” when I feel it in the store, I don’t buy it. Life is too short to be uncomfortable. I HATE whoever started the trend of putting clothing tags in the side seams of shirts. If I can feel the seam on my sock, I turn into a toddler who just can’t. 😂	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 17, 2020	labels:I think it's time for a break, I feel like I've dropped all my marbles and am no longer inspired to share anything. Hope I can be back eventually and everyone take care of yourselves!
text:Wish we could just ban people for this shit  Any conversation around "you have to be attractive/tall/skinny to pull this off", when taken to its logical conclusion, is just people saying that people that don't fit Western beauty standards look objectively bad *at all times* regardless of what they're wearing or doing  Like I've seen people say that if you're short or if you're overweight you can't wear "x", but the "x" is basically everything, and they never seem to reach the point where they admit that they just think that the best certain people can hope for is inoffensive or unnoticeable, which disgusts me	labels:And when there is a good reason, there is normally a way to word it to cover more, e.g. don't wear slim fit shirts if you have a beer belly > make sure your shirt isn't too slim around the waist so that you can comfortably sit down
text:Why even the pandemic couldn’t kill fast fashion	labels:Cuz poeple cant afford $50 fair trade tee shirts and designer jeans while unemployed.
text:Rule 1: always have fun! Or else...	labels:	episode_done:True
text:jesus, this is terrible. i listened to MF DOOM all the time when i was a teenager. just a few days ago i was thinking about how i hadn't listened to anything from him in ages. i put on madvillainy and relished some of the rhymes that never failed to make me smile a decade ago when it felt like nothing else could. rip	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Not sure if this has been done already, but I'd love to hear your POC-run Etsy store recommendations!	labels:Bravensaigeeagle on insta has some beautiful Navajo designs. I’ve bought some pretty loops from sageandsunflowerr on Etsy too.	episode_done:True
text:This is such a good point and I think it's the reason I struggle with my style. I live in a working class rural area, and the fashion is more geared towards sportswear. It's a struggle to marry how I want my wardrobe to be with my surroundings.	labels:that is how i feel every time i go home to visit my parents, who live in a rural town in NH. i feel like an eyesore with my heeled booties and oversized jackets and pink hair and all black when everyone else is wearing hiking shoes and camo.   i feel pressured to conform (why?!) but i want to be my own person. it's a hard balance.	episode_done:True
text:You’re saying buying the piece second hand and then lying about where it’s from is the most ethical choice? More ethical than just not buying it? ....  Well I can tell by the downvotes and lack of a response that you don’t actually believe this is the most ethical choice. This is just how you justify buying the thing you want from that problematic brand you claim to not want to support. This is pure mental gymnastics. You’re still supporting the brand by buying their products secondhand, especially if their brand name/logo is visible anywhere on the item. I urge you to please really think this through.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Ah man that’s such a good idea! I just wish I knew how to accessorize. I really want to get more into jewellery but don’t know where to start!!  I love th idea of minimalism and capsule wardrobes too, but I do get kind of bored sometimes, especially since my "capsule" wardrobe isn’t really intentional, it’s the way it is.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:In image only, what is the most beautiful item of fashion you own?	labels:I have that coat Angelina Jolie wore to Disney with her kids but in tan. Whenever I wear it I feel so elegant and fancy.
text:Fit and dadcore tends to be a really light khaki	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 10, 2020	labels:Started trying to put serious effort into working out a couple months ago. I'm happy to already be feeling stronger than I've ever felt and am already seeing visual results. The flip side, however... Most of my button-downs don't fit me anymore 😭. With my odd measurements, I'm seriously not looking forward to replacing them.
text:The best sweatpants — 11 pairs tested (full post in comments)	labels:The Cole Buxton sweatpants are amazing too, a little pricey, but definitely the type of sweatpant that one would wear for a long time.	episode_done:True
text:What's an "outdated" item you still love and wear although the style has fallen out of fashion?	labels:Seems like high waisted skinnies are out, but still the most flattering thing on me..so not gonna stop with them.
text:Geocasket Reviews 22 Geobaskets	labels:This is an ASMR video
text:Teach me how to successfully shop secondhand please!! Or just commiserate if it’s hard for you too lol.	labels:Honestly thrifting is really more about the love of the hunt than finding a wardrobe full of new (to you) clothes. It’s not like regular shopping where you go, spend 20 minutes looking, and leave with 5 pieces you really love. Last time I went thrifting I spent probably about 2 hours looking, tried on 7 things, and ended up only buying one. If taking the time to dig through piles of trash to find the one treasure is t really your jam, thrifting probably isn’t really for you.	episode_done:True
text:thanks! Dior was very good in that collection!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 25, 2020	labels:Happy Crimbus
text:Seems like you have great style! Just looked Jane birkin up, I really like her style.	labels:she’s completely timeless, her style is so inspirational.
text:What “statement pieces” are you looking forward to wearing this fall?	labels:I’m trying to sew my own skirts and so far none of my darts look even, so I’m thinking of rolling with it going for an asymmetrical theme.
text:I wouldn't say they are ugly, but they aren't my favorite, either.  I've found the 998 straddles the line perfectly between looks, uniqueness, and funkiness.	labels:oooh some of the Made in UK 998s have definitely caught my eye before... haha I might be tempted if I keep looking at them
text:I know “fashion” but people of minorities are always forced to try better. Some Insights	labels:As a black man I'm not surprised by this at all. I don't think I'm as affected as most because my clothes are overtly fashionable and often feminine, and that tends to disarm any preconceptions of "dangerous" and "violent". But I see it all the time, and I do notice a difference on the rare occasions I just dress plainly. Before Covid, if I walked home from the gym at night in sweats I wouldn't put my hood up or my hands in my pockets because I walked by one of campus police's favorite sitting spots. We only need to look at Trayvon Martin for confirmation. One note about the study:  > While it is tempting to tell individuals that how they dress can evoke negative biases, this avoids addressing a bigger issue … In fact, directing individuals to change what they wear places the burden of mitigating stereotypes and associated prejudices on the wearer. Instead, we need to consider how we can change the perceptions of those who hold and use such stereotypes in harmful ways.  I agree and I appreciate the sentiment, but I'll be dead before we change racists' perceptions on this. It's not a burden I or any other black man should have to carry, but realistically it's a lot easier for me to change my clothes than for a racist to change their thinking.  ETA: Black women have it way worse. They get to have racism **and** misogyny!
text:Sage de Cret Fall/Winter 2020	labels:Silent Bob but make it fashion.	episode_done:True
text:FAQ: How do I know my clothes weren't made with slave labour?	labels:You can assume all clothing is made by slaver labor under capitalism	episode_done:True
text:Favorite brands for cocktail dresses?	labels:Alice and Olivia!	episode_done:True
text:A Soft History of American Radicals, Revolutionaries, and Christians — Die, Workwear!	labels:Cool. Not.	episode_done:True
text:The Conscious and Somber Decision of Solid Jacketing	labels:great read (and viewing, impressive album!)! I detoured to the Balloon Ring Jacket article halfway through, it's a gorgeous piece! The practice you mention of styling a fit directly from inspo to avoid defaulting is a great idea, need to do that more.
text:What “statement pieces” are you looking forward to wearing this fall?	labels:I got thigh high boots from Vince Camuto. They're having a 25% off sale if anyone is interested. I'm looking at a lot of gold accessories for fall. Chunky gold hoops, gold chain belt, gold barrettes. Burnt orange is a gorgeous color.   I'm getting sucked into the baggy clothes outfits. Women are using belts to add form. Layering baggy shirts with blazers and looking amazing. I saw one girl wore a punk plaid skirt over an oversized t shirt.
text:Experience with fast fashion brands for office casual clothes (Shein, Fashion Nova, etc)?	labels:Some good recommendations, not sure where you are but there's a Canadian company called Dynamite that is priced like H&M/Zara and has really nice clothes including office wear and comfy clothes. I think places like Fashion Nova don't have the best material which I think is fine for a club dress but everyday wear it's a bit more obvious.	episode_done:True
text:How does a warm weather wardrobe differ from a cold weather wardrobe?	labels:I moved from the Midwest to Atlanta. If it’s a similar climate dont get rid of all your winter clothes! I got rid of so much thinking it would be warm year round but it still gets really cold about 3 months out of the year. I kept one good winter coat as well. Also because you get used to the warm weather high fifties/sixties can feel wayyyy colder than it should
text:Yeah I agree. They need to wear clothes anyways might as well help take down the proud boys because Any bigger corporation is just going to take the profit.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Bodysuits better than skims (important)	labels:Good to know! I have been interested in SKIMS but it is pretty pricey. So I’m assuming you would say this one is worth the cost? Also, how’s the sizing would you say it’s true to size or size up?
text:Viberg Natural Shell & Grey Kangaroo - A quick update & pictures.	labels:Are these samples? The toebox and shaft height looks different on each pair
text:How do I figure out my "style"?	labels:Something that helped me find out what my style was has been looking at celebritys/pinterest boards outfits and seeing what I liked. Then I figured out why I liked that. After that I looked at what I already had and cleared out the things I didn't like or wear and determined what I needed (basics, staples).  To start shopping for me it is helpful to have an idea of what I'm looking for or what stores I like so it doesn't get overwhelming.  I also recommend beginning to look online. It is easier to do a little at a time and you can see what's in stock at stores near you.   Also recommend depop!! Find what you like, you can follow people with similar style or size	episode_done:True
text:2020 Gift Megathread	labels:What do y’all get the men in your life? My brother, dad, brother in law and godfather are incredibly hard to shop for (brother and brother in law are 30s, dad and godfather are 60s).  EDIT: Thanks for the suggestions everyone. Socks, headphones and booze seem like they'd work best for my guys so far :)
text:I love all the new leather clothes this fall, what have you bought?	labels:I have been feeling really guilty about buying a Rag & Bone leather jacket and this thread made me feel better!	episode_done:True
text:There is no unmarked woman	labels:No thoughts yet (will get back to it after I read the article) but can I just thank you for bringing an interesting discussion point to the sub for what seems like the first time in ages?
text:If you care to post, or direct us to where we can read your stuff, I would be interested in checking it out.  Also, congratulations on the acknowledgement.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Where do you get good quality, legit wool sweaters that won't rip/shrink after washing?	labels:Here in NZ we have fine spun Merino wool jerseys (as we call them) that can be machine washed without shrinking. Reason being that the wool is pre- shrunk at the plant before they knit them up.  I went on a tour of a plant some years ago and it was super interesting.   anyway having said that i always hand wash my wool jerseys.   The thing that shrinks them in the machine, or if washed wrong is not the hot water but the agitation . This stretches the fibres out and then they bounce back even tighter, if that makes sense.   So even when hand washing you don't want to agitate or rough them up much, just soak, then squeeze gently.  No spin drying natch.    i did find a merino fine wool jumper on ASOS a while ago, it was mens but a pretty coral pink.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 13, 2020	labels:Any recommendations for a slim-fit boot cut jean? I wear western boots, usually with Levi's 501s.   But I'd like to find a jean with a slimmer profile that still allows enough room in the bottom of the leg for the boots.	episode_done:True
text:i gag whenever i see engineered garments  it's like they're trying to be elitist and insider but it's also the most basic mfa designer brand and it's also not even that many pockets  shit's embarrassing	labels:DAE ARE YOUR GARMENTS EVEN ENGINEERED	episode_done:True
text:Your favorite ___ for $___: Henleys	labels:I bought this henley that I've loved so much that I hung on to it long after it was dead.   It's a shades of grey brand henley.   What made it different was the way it was made. It was knitted and with fine details in the collar and buttons. The sleeves had a shape instead of just being tubes and so did the torso.  I can post a picture of me wearing it if anyone has suggestions for similar Henleys  I got it straight from the designer years ago when he had a sale	episode_done:True
text:General Tips To Spice Up Wardrobe	labels:Look around your wardrobe to see if you can put together any monochromatic outfits. People do this all the time with black. If you do colors, they don’t have to exactly match either.   Do you have an olive skirt and a forest green top? Try them on and see how it looks. What about white or cream jeans with an off-white tshirt?	episode_done:True
text:Knit Tie Inspo / Lookbook	labels:Are knit ties and Grenadine the same thing, or is there a distinction somewhere?	episode_done:True
text:Thank you for articulating my jumbled message of inner dialogue whilst checking out this almost satirical ‘look book’  It’s all a mess.    Cheers to you!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Just curious but why didn't you get a washing machine for the apartment?	labels:Some condos either don't have space or they don't have the right connections. I do wonder if some rental apartments mandate coin laundry.
text:Menswear I Drool Over: FW/2020 Part II	labels:None of this appeals to me personally, but I appreciate the attention to detail and tailoring on some of these fits.	episode_done:True
text:Category is: Pants on the Runway - Inspo Album	labels:Issey Miyake will always be my favorite, I love his textile manipulation.	episode_done:True
text:WEEKLY DEALZ	labels:ive ordered from Revolve several times and the code “TULIP” has given me 20% off every time. i havent tried it in a while so it might not work anymore but it’s worth a shot!
text:The shirt says "designed in the USA", near the shirt size display in the back, however the label clearly says made in China.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 27, 2020	labels:Ugh fucking UPS was supposed to come over today and drop off my RRL care package tm but they managed to delay again somehow with customs clearance and now it’s coming next Monday (should’ve been this Monday originally but whatever).	episode_done:True
text:Still counts as 2020 imo	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Is this this generation's Will It Blend?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Bigger Coats	labels:Gimme dat yohji yamamoto fall 2014 and I'll have the best sleep of my life!	episode_done:True
text:Post-Baby Problems I Wish Someone Had Warned Me About	labels:This is terrifying thanks 😂😭
text:Shitpost Saturday: Fashion is dead. This is now a house plant subreddit.	labels:Surely you don’t buy *new* houseplants?  Ugh. I only thrift.   SRS now that it’s autumn my 8-year-old suddenly wants to grow things from seed. The house is littered with random cups and bowls filled with very wet dirt and whatever dry beans he could find in the kitchen. 😆
text:A Soft History of American Radicals, Revolutionaries, and Christians — Die, Workwear!	labels:Sometimes, I'm not in the mood to read, so I read the title and skim through the pictures.  ... sooooo... Yeahhh, uhh... Radical knitwear. Gotcha.
text:TheRealReal x Gucci	labels:It’s not generous. $1 for items priced $300-$15000? They have a huge margin.   Also, the Real Real regularly puts the market price/retail price for goods higher than they actually are so that the goods are only a few dollars cheaper than new.   I’m sure people can find deals from time to time but I’m not a fan of the site.
text:General Discussion - December 17, 2020	labels:Mailing anything right now is terrible. If you sell on grailed or eBay, good luck. It’s rough out there
text:Naked and Famous Raw Denim Review/Fit/Experience	labels:Wait what?? Is that how you are always supposed to measure for clothes? I've always been dong it wrong if so. Also, the High Skinny ones look great on you!!	episode_done:True
text:Solid advice for someone like meee who wants to move out of Hawaii, and all I can think about is the cold!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:same. I LOVE shoes but all my shoes are just in hibernation in my closet. I try to mix it up when I leave the house but mostly I go out to exercise or when there's a building problem at my office so I just wear sneakers. I did treat myself to fancy new running shoes though.	labels:I wore snake print booties to the grocery store because I felt bad that they were being neglected hahaha	episode_done:True
text:The Business of Markups on Logo T-Shirts. Why You Shouldn't Drop $600 on a Gucci Tee	labels:in my experience, the high end luxury brands make incredibly beautiful pieces that feel luxurious.. they often have embroidery instead of prints, heavy thick material finely woven, great cuts and designs..  i have rarely felt they are the ‘same’ as cheap clothing.  Brands like Brunello Cucinelli, Visvim, Dsquared, Valentino, Saint Laurent, Prada, Alexander McQueen, Moncler and yes even Gucci are phenomenal.  However there are brands that definitely do not feel luxurious despite their name and price:  Stone Island, Kenzo, Heron Preston, Palm Angels, Off-White and sometimes Burberry.. there are many others too..  (i’m not really speaking about t-shirts specifically but just the idea that there’s no difference between these brands and something like uniqlo is absolutely false in my experience)	episode_done:True
text:Thank you for the insight, Crazy Rich Bayesian.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Is this Rick Owens?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The Evolution of My Style As a a 21 Year Old Hijabi	labels:tres chic!	episode_done:True
text:Can you have a clothing style without actually wearing that certain style much?	labels:This isn’t a direct answer to your question, but I’ve found I have a ‘hopeful’ sense of style and a ‘realistic’ sense of style.  Hopeful-me will think about buying a teal floral wrap dress because it’s gorgeous. Realistic-me knows it will sit in my closet untouched for 3 years because I don’t wear teal!   I’ve learned to differentiate between the two while I shop, at least. If I was a celebrity suddenly, maybe I would lean towards hopeful-me’s style, but for now I am normal and realistic!
text:Ugh, you clearly don't *get it*	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What was your "how in the name of all that is holy did this end up in a thrift store" find?	labels:It’s less about the value of the item and more about the stars aligning perfectly.  I wear a size 12-13W shoe, plus other things that make my feet really hard to fit, so I am used to buying formalwear to match the one maybe two pairs of formal shoes I own at any given time.  So when I was 17 and going to prom in 2006, my mom tried really hard to help me find shoes, any shoes, that were suitable. But we could only find casual flats or runners, and I realllly wanted to dress up nicely for the first real time in my life. So she said “you know what, let’s buy a dress and then we will just have to find a way.”  So I picked out a black and pale pink dress that just made me swoon, and I figured black heels would be easiest to find. Lol I was so young and stupid.  Anyway we searched high and low right up until the week of prom, we drove to the US from Canada and looked there and I still couldn’t find a pair of heels that fit enough to buy and I decided I’d just wear uncomfy like always and deal with it.   Then I randomly walked into a thrift store and saw on the shoe rack a pair of pink heels in the exact shade of pink on my dress, with black trim. Picked them up, size 12W. They fit like they were made for me.   Wore them until they broke three years ago.
text:Look at these magnificent creatures of the deep...	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I second this recommendation for OP.  Banana Republic is my go-to for exactly three things: Inoffensive winter basics, chinos, and short-sleeve prints (because for some bizarre reason, they're great at them). When I say winter basics, I mean solid-color sweaters/cardigans/pullovers. BR hits an amazing value proposition when their stuff is on sale.   Not sure any of it will last 10 years, but I don't think that's a realistic expectation for any clothing except suits.	labels:Good to know! Thanks so much for that valuable inputs 🙏	episode_done:True
text:What inspired your passion/love for fashion?	labels:For me, it was the opposite... so I am still young but I grew up staring at magazines and with no one that had the same body type as me- what is now called ‘medium’. Where companies have a bunch of skinny girls and will through in few plus size girls just to get some diversity... but yet, still don’t see any medium sized girls... Nonetheless, many desi girls (desi refers to south asian).   In middle school, wasn’t a fan of makeup but my best friend was. Since as long as I could remember, she would tell me about everything she was doing and how much she loved to do her makeup. One day in 8th grade, I was staring myself in the mirror and was like hm, I want to start trying to use makeup. And from there it started... From then until about the next 4 years, I taught myself and watched video after video after video. This is what fueled me into fashion. Around my Junior year in High School, the confidence makeup gave me transferred into just wanting to look my best. I became obsessed in streetwear and just looking really cool...   From then on my style has changed a bit, but overall it was my friends and what they were into that inspired my first looks. I would take those and find things similar that seemed more like me :)	episode_done:True
text:What are your most loved ride-or-die winter clothing items?	labels:Thermal shirts. I live in a cold climate and sometimes layer 2 or 3 of them.	episode_done:True
text:CO is vote by mail mostly and it's literally the best ever.  edit: Not to mention same-day registration and voting so you can go register and vote on election day. I really can't say enough about how easy it is to vote in this state.	labels:Ah voting my mail sounds so convenient!  We have presidential elections next April and seems like we're gonna have the chance to vote from 07:00 up to 20:00. We do it physically since we dont have the infrastructure to do it any other way sadly  But we are automatically registered to vote as soon as we become 18 yrs old though	episode_done:True
text:Help needed for buying jeans online! All advice is welcome!	labels:I finally bought a pair of 501s from the Levi's site.  After hours of scouring size charts and online fit testimonials, I *still* wasn't sure about size/inseam. So, on a day with a good sale, I actually bought SIX PAIRS and returned five of them. I regret nothing! If you have the disposable income to pay up front and wait for the refund to be processed, I highly suggest getting all your options so you aren't left wondering if you really have the right size or ordering another pair to try on.    Edit: as /u/fartymcfly22 pointed out, you might want to check that the company doesn't just throw away their returns before ordering duplicates like this!
text:Recent Purchases - January 17, 2021	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Yup. Winter already.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Ooh, your style sounds edgy chic, I love it! I’ve been trying to get into regularly wearing earrings, they can really pump up a look!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do I improve my fashion sense beyond just tshirt and jeans?	labels:If you are on Instagram you can follow some of the famous fashion bloggers, like fashionary OOTD, Etc you will find lots of fashion outfits day to day life, You will also see how they pair up with each clothes it’s Amazing if you really want to style up bit more. Either fashion or decent you will find it everything there.	episode_done:True
text:Marilyn Monroe: Casual Style and Dressing for Men	labels:Definitely misogynistic and sexist, but it’s also the 1950s so that makes sense. I’m sure Marilyn herself didn’t realize that she was unconsciously being sexist and contributing to the problems that she (and other women) were facing. It’s kind of sad in a way when you think about it.
text:Messy eaters? Tell your stories and hacks / fixes.	labels:Oxxxxxxyclean	episode_done:True
text:What is your favorite under-the-radar brand?	labels:J. Peterman (like where Elaine worked on Seinfeld) is actually an interesting company, they do a lot of vintage reissue garments that are really beautifully made. It’s also fun to get their illustrated catalogs in the mail!
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- November 05	labels:Anyone know any good men's fashion blogs, mainly street wear, casual wear? but I don't mind in men's fashion in general, I just won't be wearing suits. I've seen the few streetwear/casual guides on this subreddit already, but would like constant ideas flowing.	episode_done:True
text:I had this coworker. She was Ukrainian and looked amazing every day. Told me I was so pretty but why were my nails bare? Hair not done? Clothes all black? You are a WOMAN, she said.   She always seemed so impressed by each individual change that I kept going. Weekly manicures, nonblack clothing (I discovered that I look great in red!), tasteful makeup. People around the office were gossiping that I was trying to find a man. "No, a man is looking for HER!", she told them.   Then suddenly she disappeared. Quit over the phone and changed her number. I like to think she was an angel in a very impressionable time for me, but I think she might have just had issues with her work visa.	labels:There is a Ukrainian woman who works at my hospital. Her hair is DONE, her nails are DONE, her makeup is DONE. Sadly, she has to wear scrubs at work, but I swear to you, that woman wears 3 inch heels with her scrubs. I don’t really know her, we’ve only spoken a couple times, but she is fabulous and I am there for it.	episode_done:True
text:I was about to say! The reason I'm not buying "mom jeans" is because they're going to make me look like exactly that--a frumpy mom, not a cool, hip 20-something who is wearing them ironically and who has a body that looks good even if the clothes aren't flattering.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:(UPDATE) Ladies who miss fashion/makeup/getting dressed up... how are you doing?	labels:I just miss wearing lipstick! I love a good dark fall lip color and it just gets all over my mask when I go out now... Ugh!
text:Unique brands/boutiques in your city?	labels:Los Angeles we have quite a few, but my favorite is Mellore in Playa Vista or Irene's Story!	episode_done:True
text:How much was your most expensive fashion item and when or how often do you wear it?	labels:My most expensive items are my Native American Turquoise jewelry and my cowboy boots. Just purchased a huge $900 squash blossom necklace and have worn it constantly. My boots range from $30 for a secondhand pair to $750 for custom made and none are worn more or less than the others.  When my mother passed, she was 88. I went to clean out her closet and drawers and found so many lovely things that were carefully boxed away or wrapped in tissue that she was “saving for good”. Ironically, “good” apparently never came as these things went unused.  I decided right then to never do that. Every day is special and I am worth taking the time to look and feel special even if I’m just out running errands.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 27, 2020	labels:Hi all! I got a waistcoat for Christmas. I'm super excited, because I want to transfer my wardrobe to shorts and waistcoats but I've got no idea how to style them! Any and all advice (or links to youtubers, blogs, etc.) is appreciated. Thank you!  EDIT: Typos
text:Stuart Weitzman was having a sale! I just bought a pair - they're a little pricey but I'm hoping to wear them forever :)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Might just have to get a scoop neck	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Brands Want In on the Vintage Fashion Boom	labels:Is it just me or does this signal the peak has come and gone? What's next, then?	episode_done:True
text:Recent Purchases - December 06, 2020	labels:I haven't bought clothes since highschool (4 years ago now) so I decided to treat myself and ordered a heap of stuff from GAP (I know they're not very popular here but I know what sizes fit me well from them and they had some killer sales going on). Got myself a bunch of sweaters and some items from their 1969 line. I'm particularly stoked for the railroad stripe worker jeans, buckleback raw selvedge jeans, and a raw denim peacoat (not sure I'm gonna keep that one, but it looked interesting so I figured I'd check it out and return if I don't like it).	episode_done:True
text:When to start saving clothes for your children?	labels:I'm in a similar situation as yourself. The way I think of it,  I save the clothes that I absolutely love in a small box. That way, regardless of if I have kids or not, I will have a curated box of my favorite pieces that I can look back on in time and think, "wow, I'm so happy I saved this." It's a little tedious, seeing as you will be hauling around a box for years, but if you take the approach of a museum curator, the old pieces can resemble pictures in a photo album, as opposed to clothing to be worn.
text:I'm both obsessed with jumpsuits and I pee a lot. Not the best combination.   My compromise is that I only get jumpsuits that I can pull on and off. if there's any buttons or zippers I have to fiddle with it's a hard no.   I don't wear them when it's cold out either. If I have to remove more than my bag and one additional layer of clothing to pull down my jumpsuit it's too much.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Negative Self-Talk re: Fashion Choices	labels:Curvy bodies have a very hard time with pants. My journey with finding pants that don’t make me hate myself is currently ongoing. May I suggest looking into paper bag pants?	episode_done:True
text:Styling suggestions: Have an item you don’t know how to wear? Comment here and let someone style it for you!	labels:Olive corduroy button down (oversized)
text:Hi everyone. What are some relatively unknown or startup luxury brands you love?	labels:Can’t necessarily speak to any of the designers, but the February issue of Vogue features 40 different US-based designers who aren’t very well known. I hadn’t heard of almost all of them and it was fun hearing their stories	episode_done:True
text:Hot take gum soles almost always look better	labels:From the number of upvotes you're getting it seems to be a cold take.  The question is, then, why?
text:I third lighting a fire in it. It’ll send a message to all other vagabond trash cans that try to encroach on your driveway	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Marilyn Monroe: Casual Style and Dressing for Men	labels:I think it's pretty outdated, but I don't see anything wrong with her saying she dresses for men, if that's in fact what she was doing. There are bits in here that aren't that different than what I hear people say/read on a regular basis:  > I don’t think I could dress like the illustrations in the high – fashion magazines. For that you require what is thought as a Vogueish figure , and is, I believe, a boyish type figure and I don’t have a boyish figure.   Pretty similar to the idea that women with straighter figures can wear clothing or particular shapes that aren't traditionally feminine, but curvier women need to wear clothing that shows their curves or end up looking fat.  > You have to be friends with your clothes if you’re going to dress for men – no too tight zippers or unnecessary doodads to make you uncomfortable! Sometimes their acceptance is just in their response, but the response tells me I am right.   I've heard this often enough: (straight) men don't appreciate complicated clothing, they don't like clothing that isn't "flattering" but might be aesthetically interesting.   I think a lot of the article's pretty silly from a modern perspective and has some eye-roll inducing lines about women not liking her clothing. However, it's not like (some) women don't dress for men at all any more. I don't think her opinions are that unusual, she's just putting them in a way that doesn't sound right for modern readers, especially because hardly anyone actually *says* they dress for men, even when they do. I don't care to dress the way MM did, and I don't share her opinions, but I also think she's conscious of playing a role here.
text:>but do they go well with a suit?  Well, no. You know that. You know you're supposed to wear dress shoes with suits.  They can look good, but the colors and fit need to be... just perfect, and the effect is still visibly casual. They're a street sneaker, so you need... You need a certain overall vibe to make it work.  If I were you... I'd wear real dress shoes for the ceremony and the first dance, then change into loud, "I don't care that I'm wearing sneaker" sneakers for the reception, soemthing you can dance in.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:what are wardrobe items you own that you absolutely recommend to everyone else here?	labels:Best thread on this sub in a long while.	episode_done:True
text:I balance things out by naming things that are untouchable, and then giving them first priority on stuff that I’m donating/getting ready to sell	labels:	episode_done:True
text:u/DeLaJoel   Dude has both crazy variety and consistency. Really always pleasantly surprised with whatever he brings to the table.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What’s a piece you bought before the pandemic, but haven’t worn a single time since because the occasion has been cancelled/we have literally nowhere to go?	labels:I bought a plisse wrap dress for viewing the cherry blossoms in DC. I'm going to find some nearby trees this spring though!!	episode_done:True
text:>* Less SKUs. The amount of stuff BB sells is overwhelming.  >* Have the athleisure stuff, but also focus on high quality basics, again with less SKUs. Have something like an "essentials" line. The Navy Suit. The Charcoal Suit. The OCDB. The Chino. The Wool Trouser. Without fifty million variations thereof.      Oh god, yes. It's so frustrating trying to work out the differences. John Smedley also has a bunch of items very similar, marginally different pricing and not enough info about what differentiates them. Drives me up the wall.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:For sewn pieces the investment in equipment needed to approach commercial operations is feasible for an individual, but in knitwear or complicated embroidery there's just no competition. 3D and digital looms are $$$$ and what a consumer pays for good yarn is a multiple of a large operation.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Vintage Wool Sweaters Need Good, Loving Homes	labels:Awesome that they are still around. A testament to the durability and quality of real wool. I’m 75, so this kind of sweater was all we had to stay warm in the winter when we were young. I knitted quite a few as well. When Polar Fleece became available the woolies were less used. However I still appreciate the warmth of a real 100% cashmere or the feel of an Icelandic cardigan knitted in the natural colors . As a knitter I love to see the hard work in a wool garment and the lovely colors that you can find in the older handmade sweaters. They need some care(laundering by hand and blocking to keep their shape, air drying) store away from bugs in the off season ( mothballs!) and kept folded on a shelf or in a drawer not on hangers when in active use. You’ll also find wonderful interesting buttons on the vintage (yikes that’s my childhood years!) items. Lovely sweaters that deserve to be enjoyed by a new generation ❤️ Buying vintage? Look for stains, moth holes, odd shape from improper laundering, missing buttons. These are major faults.
text:Yes! My first purchase to myself when I got promoted at my job was a giant solitaire fire opal ring set in gold. I have two opal rings and an opal necklace since then. Opal is the best gemstone.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Never heard of him. What’s to dislike about it?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Ever been censored at work because of what you wear?	labels:Was previously told my trousers had too many buckles. I was a temp. Girl next to me was wearing a black transparent shirt with a white bra underneath. I was told that bc she is fat, she does not distract other employees (read - males) but my buckles did. Fuck that place and that HR lady in particular.
text:How do I know I’m not being scammed?	labels:These are all pretty much dropshipping the same cheap clothes from Ali. Unfortunately affordable and ethical usually mutually exclusive because our idea of what cheap clothes should cost is based off a fast fashion model that can't work at a smaller sustainable scale. I would highly suggest the used market for affordable ethical clothes. threadup and poshmark are my go tos. But if you want to buy new Universal standard and Pact are good. Its also worth remembering that a lot of 'ethical' brands are really just greenwashed so who knows.	episode_done:True
text:What shoes besides boots are you looking forward to wearing this fall?	labels:I have a pair of black suede kitten heel slides from Stuart Weitzman that I wear with tights on chilly (but not rainy) days. Love them to death!	episode_done:True
text:Has anyone else ever tried on a designer item just to see what the hype is about?	labels:I love trying on super fancy things :)   I just want to know! Maybe I need this $9000 ball gown! It is lead to me understanding what looks good and what doesn’t look good, why certain trends are the way they are, and just expanding my view on what I can pull off. I go to luxury stores all the time and try fancy fancy things on. I just have a little conversation with myself about not falling in love with anything because I will not buy it.	episode_done:True
text:Prescription sunglasses are gamechanger, congrats	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Clarks agrees £100m private equity deal	labels:this is what happens when everyone wears sneakers....	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 24, 2020	labels:Hi, I'm looking for a reversible jacket, with one side being black and the other side not restricted in color. Would love some suggestions.	episode_done:True
text:Closet Organization By Color	labels:I have a color coordinated closet in that all my shit is in palettes. It makes picking clothes a lot easier.  My workwear palette is Navy, Black, Light Pink, Ivory and Grey  My spring/summer casual palette is Sage, Ginger, Tan, Cream, White and Black  My fall/winter casual palette is Navy, Red, Brown and Grey  I always have my workwear out (with some adjustment for weather) but my winter and summer casual clothes go in storage when not in season	episode_done:True
text:Shopping for clothing items you already own: confessions of an outfit repeater	labels:Little black dresses for me. Sometimes I look at my closet and think, "I should really get more color in there," but the fact is, I feel happiest and most myself in neutrals. Past couple years I've been trying more colorful clothes. They do get compliments and objectively I like them, but what are my workhorses? The neutrals. Mainly knee-length black dresses. And a single red bodycon dress that's made its way into the regular rotation.  So now I'm trying to look for clothing with interesting texture, silhouettes, and architectural details, but color is no longer a requirement. I make up for it by having a colorful home.	episode_done:True
text:Can Your Outfit Influence the Way You Feel? Enclothed cognition describes the effect that clothing have on how an individual thinks, feels, and behaves	labels:It does. Even when I was working from home for the first few months of the pandemic, I still wore the same clothes I normally wore to work. It was all about keeping a certain routine that helped me stay productive.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 16, 2020	labels:Would you say that Dr. Martin shoes are business casual? If not, do you have any recommendations?	episode_done:True
text:I liked it and I think the art style and music match the pace well, however, my only two problems were:  * not nearly as relaxing and soothing as Avatar. Avatar has really nice nature connections that are kinda lost in the city setting The filler episodes in Avatar are relaxing and nice looks into either the nature of bending/human-nature relationships or the friendships/personalities of the characters.   * Korra never learns anything. Aang learned how to solve problems without using his powers and Korra just hits stuff until it’s fixed. Aang had to grapple with his moral code constantly. Korra just gets the major issue of the end of the first season solved for her with out doing anything. It seemed like an interesting dilemma for her character and she gets out of it with out changing at all or even a hint of self reflection. Plus her villains are all way more interesting and actually have some nuance and personality.	labels:Yeah, I do think that they really missed out on developing most of the characters. Very few of them had an arc similar to Zuko, Sokka, or Katara. They went with more characters with less development, which is just a different approach IMO. I do think she really doesn't show much growth in S1 and S2, which is one of my main complaints. She consistently loses in fights and never really seems to change anything. I also could have used like 100X more meetings with Aang, I think Aang had more time with Roku than Korra had with Aang.	episode_done:True
text:That was what I was thinking. So many brands seem worse nowadays. They're charging a lot for poorly constructed items, materials that are thin, a lot of synthetics.	labels:Do you think rapid shift to online commerce is shifting priorities from design and quality, to convenience and price?
text:Thank you for this recommendation! I usually get bummed out with these "where to shop" posts because I live in Mexico and most brands won't ship here, but it looks like Senita Athletics does ship to Mexico!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How has lockdown affected new purchases?	labels:Too fat for the pants I bought at early COVID blowout sale.	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Party Outfit	labels:Wearing my John Lewis "Good Trouble" teeshirt today, tomorrow, and probably all next week.	episode_done:True
text:It is known!! Haha, love it.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I've been noticing A&F being featured in some of the fashion blogs I follow. I haven't bought anything from them in years. I'm getting interested though.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Has anyone lost their wardrobe creativity as they’ve gotten older? How do you get it back?	labels:I lost my fashion mojo for a few years after I had kids. I'm 34 now and I've realized that fast fashion doesn't work for me AT ALL, partly because stuff doesn't fit well anymore and also I don't have the time to browse and try on things in stores (even pre-pandemic I couldn't dedicate time for this). I've started buying less frequently but what I buy, I make sure it's good quality stuff that fits well and is decent quality. Not sure if it's age related but cheap items just don't look good on me anymore!  Same with skincare. I've started investing in quality skincare and it makes a difference.	episode_done:True
text:You’re really the only person who can answer that question, JW Anderson, as most designers are, is not a brand you’re buying for the quality, but because you like the design. I haven’t handled anything from them but made in China does not equal bad and $225 is about what you’d be paying for nice knitwear from a quality focused brand anyway	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 23	labels:I gotta say, as an American, it's really surprising that there's class connotations to rugby shirts. On paper, rugby should be an "everyman" sport like soccer, basketball, football, baseball, etc. with the barrier to entry just being a ball and a field. Seems really out of place for it to be paired up with golf, tennis, and horse-related stuff.
text:You're absolutely right about "too many options". This is fucking basic-ass marketing 101, just go and watch Malcolm Gladwell's spaghetti sauce talk from 2004. BB is straight shitting the bed.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge Announcement: Rock & Roll!	labels:Lots of different ways to go with this one, I'm excited	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge Announcement: 6 Degrees of Separation	labels:perhaps i shall participate
text:General Discussion - December 04, 2020	labels:Wearing shearling feels so fucking baller it's not even funny, didn't think I even had that much confidence in me. Good thing it's a fairly uncommon and expensive material, society would implode if everyone felt like this all the time.
text:Depends on the colours. If it's navy on navy/black, maybe. But otherwise you should be fine. For example I'll wear my navy polo with charcoal chinos, or my burgundy polo with black jeans.	labels:Sounds about what I was thinking. Thanks mate 🙏	episode_done:True
text:>sandals that aren’t Birkenstock’s or Chaco’s  Yes please! I've reluctantly jumped aboard the comfort shoes bandwagon (and I'm not mad about it) but I miss cute shoes!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 08	labels:Woke up to snow on the ground. Don't think I am ready for boot weather yet. I wanted to wear socks and sandals just a few more times...
text:You got this!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT - Change: Pacific Northwest Style	labels:I mean... between Portland, Seattle, and Vancouver, there are a lot of _software architects_ living up in here.
text:I like to get booze for my husband, but I always try to get something that he normally wouldn't buy. Like something weird that sounds intriguing but is priced just a litttttle too high to be worth the experiment when a tried-and-true standard is cheaper.  I got him moonshine pickles for Valentine's Day and he loved them.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:10 cm is 3.94 inches	labels:	episode_done:True
text:You can also go with emerald / forest green pants., and your pick of top.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Hi everyone. What are some relatively unknown or startup luxury brands you love?	labels:Idk if they’re considered luxury...but I love Jluxlabel!	episode_done:True
text:Yeah, speaking of novelty, I'd say 75% of compliments are basically "I noticed this". People aren't going to lie (Compliments, especially unprompted are going to be genuine), but saliency is the key feature.	labels:I lie all the time when I compliment people. I feel zero guilt about it because I know people get nervous that they’ve cut off too much hair or aren’t super confident about wearing a really bold item and so on.	episode_done:True
text:I bought a Tory Burch bag on inpulse after my divorce. It was so liberating to know I didn't have to explain the purchase to anyone. Not as much of an investment piece as LV but I still use it to this day!	labels:Haaaa! I bought a ring that I love	episode_done:True
text:The best sweatpants — 11 pairs tested (full post in comments)	labels:FOG ESSENTIALS sweatpants have the perfect fit/cut and awesome colors.	episode_done:True
text:Decolonize Sustainable and Ethical Fashion	labels:>Understand that, in this day and age, words like “sustainability” and “eco-friendly” are just marketing buzzwords that often leave worker’s rights (mostly equal pay) out of the equation.   I can't explain how much it bothers me when a company mentions sustainability but acts like it doesn't understand that it's all encompassing. It includes not only environmental issues but community (people) as well.
text:Feat Hoodie Review	labels:Oooof, $140CAD for a hoodie with polyester in it. Sorry to hear op, but that should have been the first sign something was wrong.  At that price you could get something really nice from Faherty
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 21	labels:Can anyone point out wool blend differences? Seeing 60% wool with some nylon vs some wool with cashmere, some with poly and some with a mixture of all. What’s the difference between these different blends and what can anyone recommend for an overcoat ? (like a car coat). Thanks from now
text:WEEKLY DEALZ~	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The Very Useful Black Sweater	labels:Wtf undershirt do y’all wear under your sweaters? I find that crew neck sweaters always seem to have wider head holes than my undershirts. And I don’t live the “sweater over poplin buttondown” life anymore
text:just imagine what every lurker accuses us of dressing as, and then dress like that.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Labor Day Sales Vortex of Doom	labels:I just needed jeans so I bought two pair from Levis. The sale is eh (I think they hiked prices before applying the discount) but I need it so I paid it.   I'm fitting into older jeans now but it turns out five-years-ago me really dug mid-rise and current me really, really doesn't. Now that I've learned how having my waistband at my actual waistline means I don't have to pull my jeans back up 500x a day, I can't go back. Sorry, mid-rise. To the thrift store with you.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 25, 2020	labels:Thoughts in Grayers (quality)?	episode_done:True
text:Throwback Thursday: Revisiting our 'Finding A Style and Building A Wardrobe' guide	labels:I think the fundamental advice of this guide holds true. The way to build a style and wardrobe that works for you is to pay attention to what you like, and try to explicitly recognize *why* you like it, and then try to incorporate those details in what you buy, and then try out those details yourself.   Where I think this guide falls a little short is where to find inspiration for all sorts of bodies, and how to use people who are built differently than you for inspiration. If you're a curvier or plus-sized person, how do you look at images of celebrities who are largely slim and use those for inspiration?	episode_done:True
text:Fascinating article: How tariffs can affect clothing design	labels:I read that’s why Chuck’s nowadays have a partially felt outsole instead of the all rubber/plastic they used to be!	episode_done:True
text:Pantone Color(s) of the year for 2021: Illuminating and Ultimate Gray	labels:This color combo feels so 2010ish. Like, when chevrons were on EVERYTHING and bubble necklaces were all the range.
text:True story.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Haha!  Too true.  I’d definitely use a small solid pouch to put inside to hide my unmentionables 🙊	labels:That’s just extra work imo	episode_done:True
text:I love doing this when they have big sales on!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:A shoe so timeless™ that they had to redesign it	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Fashion Inspo Albums: Bold Feminine Professional, Feminine Dapper, and Flamboyant Androgynous Overlord	labels:HOT DAMN. love you for putting this together.	episode_done:True
text:Does the way you dress really have to have a label for it??	labels:No, no, no and no. I hate the aesthetic thing. Buying things bc 'they fit in with my aesthetic' and not bc you like them is weird to me. You can be all of those styles all at once. I love having a grungy girl moment, a colourful LOOKATMENOW moment, a classy neutral I'm a big girl moment and a floaty yes I am a fairy and I just tiptoe about in pretty midi dresses moment.
text:Rant - I'm fed up with fashion and "expressing myself"	labels:Have you thought about uniform dressing? I'm not talking about a boring black t-shirt and jeans every day. I wear a dress, sweater, and black pair of shoes every day. In the winder I add tights/leggings and an ankle book (summer is black sandals). I never have to think too much about what I wear and I don't really have to make any decisions after I purchase the item. My dresses are really comfortable, all of them have pockets, and I get compliments constantly. Uniform dressing sounds really boring, but you can create a fun and unique type of uniform if you want.  I tried a capsule wardrobe earlier this summer. It had dresses, shirts, pants and shorts, but I went back just dresses because the capsule was too many decisions. I just pick a dress that is clean and move on with my day, but I also still have a distinct and unique style.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 28	labels:Hello I was wondering if someone could give me input of what popular with men’s fashions trends lately? I feel like I’ve had the same style for years and I want to mix it up a little. Someone please let me know about this because I want to know what popular brands or styles I should be looking for!	episode_done:True
text:RM Williams comfort craftsman	labels:	episode_done:True
text:His older videos were decent, but his new content for at least the past 2 years have been trash and contradictory.	labels:Him trying to shove promotions down our neck doesn't help at all. I get that he needs to make money by selling his audience's views, but there won't be an audience if he keeps doing this.	episode_done:True
text:Canadian Tuxedo: A Denim-On-Denim Inspo Album	labels:My favvvv	episode_done:True
text:I also just don’t understand the inclination to “push it” when just about every guy who owns a tailored jacket also has a closet full of collared shirts. The right way to dress down a jacket is by going with a more casual button-down, not by opening up the t-shirt or hoodie drawer.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:inb4 "is it just me or do all of these look like shit? Except ANCIENT-ALIEN, he is wearing flattering pants"	labels:It is known by the rules of menswear (real men real rules) that slim-fitting trouser garments are objectively better because they highlight the natural shape of the male physique. It’s factual. Pro tip: Match the colour of your belt with your shoes guys, this one trick will make you irresistible for the ladies.
text:How would you store sentimental clothing?	labels:I vacuum sealed my wedding dress
text:FAQ: How do I know my clothes weren't made with slave labour?	labels:Watch a movie (or read a book) called gomorra It also talks about a small local taylor that makes a dress and after few months he sees that at the Oscar with a big brand logo. No matter where you buy it from.... You can never tell. If it s not at manifacture stage it might be at material  prodiction.	episode_done:True
text:“The Cliché of Beauty, the Cliché of Luxury, the Cliché of Banality”—On In Vogue: The 1990s, Miuccia Prada Says Basta to All That	labels:Call me cynical, but I find only humor in a literal billionaire trying to rally against the bourgeois by selling cheap synthetic fabrics as a statement against cliche
text:2020 Fall Fit Battle - Superlative	labels:Most MFA fit	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - February 13, 2021	labels:Good place to get cheap blazers for more formal casual looks (casual looks with a flair of formality)? I'm talking dirt cheap (so if it were to get dirty or tear or even if I lost it I wouldn't be financially ruined). Ideally $20 or below, but I know that's pretty damn cheap for a blazer. In Columbus, Ohio right now, but ideally any online or chain store recommendations would be great.   Tldr: Looking for good places to get cheap casual blazers in Columbus, OH. Ideally under $20. Ideally from an online or chain store.
text:He looks like a teenager in a hand-me-down costume from a pimp that was shorter than him.	labels:See you say that like it's a bad thing, but I just think it's dope
text:I thought I was the only person with this problem! I get tiny holes in the armpit of all of my sweaters, particularly cardigans for some reason and I have no idea why.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Oh, ASOS can do that? Wow, amazing. I'll definitely be shopping there. I have all my measurements good to go.	labels:They also have a TALL section. I have a very rectangular body, bog shoulders and chest and am 5’9” and get most of my clothing from them. As others have said, great return policy but the videos of the models wearing the clothes is the best bit. You see them move and how long they are. And you can tell if they look cheap or like they wouldn’t fit your bust/back etc. I love dressing all my friends and if you would ever like some clothing advice feel free to message me. I’d love to give you some tips.	episode_done:True
text:Someone at my work often wears the same shirt several days in a row and I notice. But I notice more than the average person.	labels:several days in a row isn’t what i’m talking about though.	episode_done:True
text:Wait what, I missed this. Got a link? Sounds hilarious.	labels:Today's Top of WAYWT.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 20, 2020	labels:looking for comfortable waffle  henleys with a great fit. your favorite waffle henley. budget is under 150$	episode_done:True
text:Casual Blazer Inspo	labels:Are these old photos? Why are they all black and white?	episode_done:True
text:Revisiting Tim Gunn's List of 10 Style Must-haves	labels:I have all of these things! Can I get a fashion gold star?  I agree with what others have said that each item can be a little different based on your work dress code/lifestyle/climate. A LBD and trench coat in NYC will be different than a Texas LBD and coat.	episode_done:True
text:Big A$$ Clothes--An Oversize Inspo Album	labels:haha loved the captions for these! cool inspo	episode_done:True
text:I love the idea of this, although really good custom tailoring as they describe in the article is not exactly easy to come by. I think you are right about suiting; nowadays it seems exclusively reserved for weddings, special events, etc. and is rarely intended for every day wear.   Still, I almost always get dressed up to some extent when I’m WFH. I can’t bear to sit around in sweatpants and an old tee all day like a lot of people seem to do. Look good, feel good!	labels:Obviously the level of tailoring available to the Royal Family and their personal means, makes wearing suits more practical for them than most people. Of course what's interesting about HRH Prince Charles is that he WEARS his suits, meaning that they are repaired and adjusted and stay with him for decades...it's a very Trad approach to clothing.	episode_done:True
text:The best running shorts — 12 pairs tested (full post in comments)	labels:I love all of Vuori stuff. Very comfortable and the liners are butter soft. Can be pricey but very durable	episode_done:True
text:Let's talk about sneakers	labels:Echoing the observed popularity of AF1s, Air Jordan 1s, and Adidas Gazelles or Stan Smiths. I've also seen a lot of those gray and white Pumas, not sure what the style is called.   I wear sneakers to work (Dr's office) and found the Reebok Man's World sneakers to have a similar look to AF1s but with a more unique vibe! I also love Saucony Shadow originals, but that's less of a trend and more of a personal favorite because they're the most confortable shoe I've ever owned. I get a new pair whenever I like a new colorway.	episode_done:True
text:Good quality and functional messenger bags	labels:Also and Fossil are both good for a quality, reasonably priced messenger bag. Right now, Fossil outlets (in store) have 69-70% off their genuine leather bags. Got one last week.	episode_done:True
text:Sub in madras and lightweight plaid shirts for flannels. Chambray shirts, lightweight henleys are staples.  I also sort of lean into prep/Ivy in the summer and look for non-cosplay nautical inspo.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Women with ADHD & Sensory Processing Disorder: I need Clothing recs!	labels:MY PEOPLE ❤️❤️❤️ This thread is so validating	episode_done:True
text:Moncler is way more expensive than CG, lol. Can I have some of what you're smoking?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Having a Tough Time Finding Retailers for My Style	labels:FYI for the shin accesory that goes over your shoe they are called spats and it seems like the fit of the pants your looking is a relaxed fit taper you can also try searching harem pants as you have 1 or 2 images of those
text:Thank god somebody said this... Like really? Fitted cropped/no break pants were in last year, and now all that shit we bought is out because this fit is 100% the opposite direction. Sometimes I hate fashion.	labels:no one's stopping you from wearing it still, nothing is truly out of fashion in today's world anyway	episode_done:True
text:Covid Dilemna - Finding my style	labels:This isn't a perfect solution, but you could gather photos taken of you in the past, and all the clothes you currently own, and do a combination of analyzing what clothing in your outfit photos works/what doesn't, and try on different clothes for specific things like neckline, hemline, color, pattern, etc.
text:I love my khaki warpstreams.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What I Like is Not What I choose to wear	labels:What I like to look at and what I like to wear are not the same thing. I actually think a lot of fashion struggles come from people not understanding how to separate what they find aesthetically interesting from what meets the specific needs in their life.  When you look at a photo of an outfit, you're not *just* reacting to the outfit itself. You're also reacting to the body of the model, the styling choices (makeup and hair), and the photography decisions (the pose, the location, the lighting).   I might look at a photo and think "that person looks so cool in that outfit," but that person isn't me. I would not look that cool in that outfit because I'm a completely different person.  When I choose clothing for myself it needs to satisfy my aesthetic tastes when paired with my body and the amount of effort I'm willing to put into styling (i.e. zero), as well as suit the needs for my daily life. That's actually a limited number of options for me.   But when I am admiring an outfit or a photo, I'm not constrained by my hang ups about my body or the needs of my daily life. I can just like the outfit without having to contextualize it around myself, which is actually quite nice.  So, personally speaking, my interest in fashion isn't limited to clothing I would choose to wear. I find it's much more freeing to allow myself to enjoy fashion and outfits without always questioning whether I would like the outfit on my own body.
text:Green Queens: An Inspo Album	labels:Love this!	episode_done:True
text:Who is your ultimate style icon?	labels:Jennifer Aniston! I still take inspiration from her style as Rachel. Love her present day minimalist style too!	episode_done:True
text:Dressing Drakes on a Budget	labels:this is amazing	episode_done:True
text:4SDesigns FW21	labels: 4S Designs is a relatively new brand, whose first collection was Fall-Winter 20 as things were going absolutely haywire in the world.  A lot of talent working for the brand, with the key designer being Angelo Urrutia. Angelo worked for the Nepenthes brands and Engineered Garments for god knows how many years (Through FW18 if I remember right?). Angelo is commonly known as Daiki's right-hand man, and from an outside perspective seems to have nearly as much influence in the brand's growth as Daiki has.   4s is definitely a different animal than EG. Still a workwear influence to be sure, but the styling is a little more conventional.   Fabrics are even crazier and much more lux than most of what EG has used - a lot of stuff that seems to be made special for the brand. Chanel-esque lurex-laden tweeds, soft and bulletproof melton, heavy twills, and ventile keep the choices interesting. Similar to EG, there have been many unconventional uses of fabrics.    While I don't think Angelo and team are aiming for the Conceptual collections ala Rick Owens, I think they nail an absolutely wearable aesthetic. Their lookbooks have been "different" but are one of the few brands that are unlikely to alienate people. With that, the details are still interesting enough to keep a normal enthusiast interested.	episode_done:True
text:Fighting words on this sub	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Villanelle's Killer Wardrobe, Once Again	labels:I love the wardrobe choices. What's interesting to me is the hair and makeup stylists keep her a pretty blank slate, which works in incorporating different styles...she never looks like she doesn't "fit" a certain outfit.	episode_done:True
text:PSA: Revive by Rent the Runway via Thredup	labels:Never bought from RTR or thredup, but looks like RtR is also selling on their own website. Any clue how they are differentiating? Sending worse quality to thredup?	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 12, 2020	labels:Anyone know a place I can get some mid rise stone wash jeans with a tapered leg fit (not skinny)? I tuck my t-shirts in more often than not now and it looks silly with a low rise.	episode_done:True
text:How do I feel more comfortable "dressing up"?	labels:The best advice I've ever heard about fashion was that (and I'm badly paraphrasing here) if you wear something more than once, it just becomes something you wear. If you wear a hat a couple times, you can be a "hat person". If you dress up often, you're a just person who dresses up.   It's cliché, but I feel like all about confidence. I have friends who like to dress up for all occasions, but nobody ever bats an eye because they just act as if their fully choreographed fit is a tshirt and jeans. People are almost never thinking about you as much as you think they are (you can google the "spotlight effect"). Also, I feel like wearing fun outfits around the house can help you get used to feeling "dressed up" in a casual environment, and is a good place to safely test-drive fun outfits.   I think there's a weird societal stigma against trying hard, which I think is so lame. It's cool to try hard if you want to try hard! I don't get why people feel the need to comment on how you're dressed. Honestly, I think that saying that it makes you happy is enough of a justification for being """"overdressed"""" (by their standards).   The last thing is think about all of those people you see dressed up on the street, where you think they look great, but you're too shy to say anything. When you're dressed up in a way that makes you feel good, the right people will notice, even if they don't say anything. The world is full of silent admirers!!	episode_done:True
text:Ikea frames are okay for standard sizes and the plastic cover doesn’t hurt prints.  I got a nice calligraphy made with ink that needs to be behind glass and it should properly be framed with the right kind of wood. Had to be made to order. Eye watering.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Naughty or Nice?	labels:I’m on the Nice list, just like every year. I’m thriving in my ethical, sustainable, timeless, dark academia capsule wardrobe. I’m so capsule capable that although I own 10 black sweaters, everyone thinks it’s the same ones because they don’t see the details because they are unfashionable.	episode_done:True
text:Dress Sneakers Are Alarmingly Popular	labels:Dress sneakers never look good for the intent that the wearer is going for and this is the hill I'm willing to die on.
text:I can fit my fucking over ear headphones comfortably in my EG’s back pocket lmao	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 14, 2020	labels:What colour combination for a flannel looks the best and can you link them	episode_done:True
text:Check out the basic bastard guide in the sidebar.	labels:Will do! Thank you!	episode_done:True
text:What was your first 'expensive' fashion purchase?	labels:I feel super poor after reading this haha! This year I turned thirty (COVID birthday whoo) and bought my first ever designer purse, a small tote from Kate Spade. I absolutely love it and look forward to using it every day.
text:"Can people just hate fashion again" - Synecdoche When Talking about the "Industry" Discussion	labels:Weird to put the onus of creativity on everyone except the creator	episode_done:True
text:How do you balance bright statement pieces with a capsule wardrobe?	labels:Its ok if a strict capsule doesn't work for you. Everyone's capsule can be different. You could have a secondary casule for your bright stuff to mix and match if you want! It's all about what works for you.
text:Yet put together and sharp!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 11, 2021	labels:Haven't been posting lately, found out my grandparents caught corona and it was just weighing me down cause they both have pre-existing conditions and it was shitty having to think about losing them. But both are out of the woods! They seem to be doing so much better and it's a huge relief!   Got a bunch of Aime Leon dore stuff from various sales and I got to say I'm very impressed. Nothing too flashy, but the Woolrich collection goes so hard. Also have to say, as much as I love some of Howlin' designs,  compared to the ALDxWoolrich stuff,  Howlin' quality is just not there. Surprised at how itchy the wool is. My gf got them as a full price Christmas gift though so can never say that out loud lmao.
text:What Are Your Regional Fashion Stereotypes?	labels:Columbus, Oh - I'd believe it if you told me that everyone under 25 bought all their clothes at abercrombie and everybody over 25 bought their clothes at JC Penny
text:Actually Sustainable: How Brands Are Going Vintage	labels:I recently bought the cashmere sweater from asket which is made from 97% recycled cashmere. This is really great. I hope more brands will hop onto this  in the near future.
text:Does anyone invest in real jewelry?	labels:The only “fine” jewelry I own are my engagement and wedding rings. Everything else I own is basically costume jewelry-I’m a sucker for fun resin earrings. Part of it is my personal taste, the other is definitely affordability.	episode_done:True
text:Ahh right thanks, and yes I'm turning 25 in June so spot on there :)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The reason the NY Times can pay their writers a salary is that it makes money from subscriptions, this isn't hard to understand.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Yeah - I wouldn't skimp on denim and footwear. A nice pair of boots that will last years and grow patina, same with denim fades. You can skimp a bit on the rest -    for example today I'm wearing: $300 Samurai Jeans, $x00 boots, $x00 vintage watch - but paired with an $8 Hanes cotton/poly sweatshirt from amazon and $5 generic khaki hat from walmart.	labels:As much as I love denim, $300 for a pair vs a brand like Uniqlo that you can get for $49 is absurd to me.
text:Is it just me, or does it seem like the clothes being sold since the pandemic began have become very limited?	labels:I’m guessing it has to do with companies responding to dips in sales and reduced consumer spending, plus supply chain disruptions.	episode_done:True
text:That's a totally fair assessment! I was hoping the navy beanie/cardigan would be tied together with the burgundy belt/boots via the burgundy & blue scarf.   I intentionally kept the sweater and pants grey, as any other combination I could think of would detract from that cohesion. The goal was 'fuzzy cocoon', but that's admittedly hard to pull off.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Uniqlo U 2021 SS Lookbook	labels:Time to begin the bi-yearly cycle of me shitting on the new Uniqlo U collection, popping into their store in person “for a quick look”, seeing the Uniqlo U stuff and liking it more than I thought I would, not buying any of it after talking myself out of it, regretting it, and coming back two weeks later only for it all to be sold out in my size!
text:Spier & Mackay I think	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do ya'll express your culture or traditional fashion in modern clothing?	labels:I'm from Kenya and when I was living abroad I would use accessories to express my culture eg jewelry, scarves etc. It's a nice easy way and let's other Kenyans know I'm one of them when we meet	episode_done:True
text:Ugh, I hate the whole trend of glorifying alcoholism in women like it's cute.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I think they are doing a horrible online Email Customer Service. When you call then over the phone, service is so much better.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Rugbies are sick: an inspo album	labels:I always found it cool, but unfortunately, it just doesn't seem right on me...	episode_done:True
text:Inspiration has to come from somewhere: Skulls and Bones	labels:Grateful dead shirts	episode_done:True
text:You have to remove one item of clothing each time	labels:apparently i only attract married men now
text:How does everyone here dress when bloated?	labels:Loungewear elements are bleeding into regular day to day clothing. Elastic waistbands are becoming more and more common in cute pants and skirts.	episode_done:True
text:I do enjoy both his style and his very offbeat style of comedy. His interview with Krishnan Guru-Murphy is an absolute delight. I will see if I can hunt down some Ayoade for the lookbook I think.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Thoughts on Shein?	labels:As others have said, it's very unethical (but I think most places are at this point) and extremely hit-or-miss. But it can be much more cost-effective than similar places like Forever 21. You need to look at the reviews to make  sure you're getting a decent quality item, and even then the sizing is inconsistent, so be prepared to give some items to a friend when they don't fit. I would absolutely not purchase anything that doesn't have a lot of reviews since a lot of things they carry seem to be straight garbage.	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: What do your shoes say about you?	labels:Hey hey! You'd like to think you are creative and into fashion and not getting old but really you just wear the same pair of boots everyday because you have slowly started prioritizing comfort over style but still try to justify it as an actual ~aesthetic~ and totally not because you now have bunions and corns and fallen arches and other old feet problems (why do things between my toes now bother me?!). #Blundstones4Lyfe #oldhagat32
text:Quick tips to look UN-polished?	labels:My boyfriend tells me not to do this, his words are "fuck them. They don't matter. Dress how you want to" The one thing I'm massively insecure about is over dressing. I've been singled out for this a lot and it's frusting. I just want to look good. I'm not wearing inappropriate for the situation clothes either. It's more like I'm the only one in heels to dinner because I like them. And dinner like a nice place with drinks after not an ihop to a pool hall. The most picked at are a couple form fitting casual tshirt dresses I have. I love them them with some boots in the fall. But my casual clothes are not casual enough for everyone else? and they have to make comments about it. I get so anxious about it now I just sit naked on the floor for like 30 minutes staring at the few clothes I have left while my boyfriend checks in on me to see how my progress is going so we can leave finally.   But when it's just me and him going somewhere there's no problem at all. I'll wear anything confidently and feel great about it. But make me go to some kind of party or events where I know people and I just freak out and cry.   I want to look awesome. My boyfriend wants me to look awesome. Why are we trying to tone down our awesome because of how people want to be buttholes and judge us? For looking good. How are you going to let someone shame you for something you aren't ashamed of? Doesn't mean much comming from a girl who panics about going to dinner with friends but I try to remind myself of this all the time. I shouldn't have to dress down because it makes other people feel uncomfortable.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 20, 2021	labels:I love my dickies 874 pants. As a dude with an odd shape, big ass and thighs while having short legs, they fit really well without being too loose.      My only problem is I feel ethically wrong about wearing these pants, as they're made of 65% polyester, and washing them releases microplastics into the water. I'm trying to move my wardrobe, eventually, to being mostly if not exclusively organic materials like cotton and wool.     Does anyone know of any pants/work pants that have a similar fit to them, but might not use as much polyester/are 100% cotton?
text:1 Year - A Kmn6784 2020 Wardrobe Album	labels:I love this! I buy almost all my clothes second hand so it's always cool to see posts like this. I'm based in Australia so I see brands like Reigning Champ and Howlin very infrequently, good work!	episode_done:True
text:So uh, what’s the trends for fall this year?	labels:This might be totally wrong but I have a feeling that face masks are gonna be big this season.
text:I want to eliminate the need for dry cleaning my work wardrobe. Sadly, anything nice seems incompatible with machine wash. What long lasting, work pieces have been easiest for you to maintain?	labels:Ann Taylor suits go through the washer and dryer on the gentle cycle.  Been torturing them this way for years. They are fine.	episode_done:True
text:This is such a tough habit to break! I’m such an impulse/impatient buyer.	labels:Me too! A rule I've made for myself is *never buy an item on the same day that I found it.* I stick to it even when it's hard, and it's saved me a lot of money!
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- November 06	labels:Anyone know where to buy a jacket similar to the los gatos patagonia jacket? They are out of mediums in coriander brown	episode_done:True
text:Those Needles Track Pants	labels:I generally don't like the style that the Nepenthes brands go for, but it's impressive how energetic every Needles look seems to be. All those looks from images 12 to 17 achieve the bright, bohemian look so much better than the old luxury brands' "resort" seasons, with none of the cringey elitism.	episode_done:True
text:How to avoid looking older with your clothing??	labels:If you are seriously worried about looking older, just get a few pieces that together have a dark academia vibe, but you can mix in with your other clothes.	episode_done:True
text:unions /s	labels:Don'tcha know that Unions are just communist trash that deserve to be shot by their supervisors!?  Anyway, back to my 15 minute break...  &#x200B;  (Obvious /s)	episode_done:True
text:Very diff aesthetic	labels:Eboys are just emo’s that are trying to also be fuck bois  Emo + fuck boi = eboi
text:Spring/summer 2021	labels:I really want to add something in the super bright red color that has been trendy recently... I love that color!! I'm trying to figure out what kind of piece in that color would integrate best into my wardrobe.	episode_done:True
text:NTA. It’s like she was looking for something to be offended by. Geesh.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How have you changed your style and/or shopping habits after your body has changed?	labels:Looser fits, and more stretch in fabrics, I like dense fabrics but it needs to have some stretch (I can't do 100% cotton denim). This way my clothing works for a few sizes, though they do have an ideal fit. I'm 5'0, hippy, and have some bad stomach issues that result in extreem discomfort and bloating, and just a strong desire to live in sweatpants sometimes. My diet has been pretty good over the pandemic because I have been trying to identify what foods don't make me feel like shit and 4 sizes bigger, but in the before times when corporate lifestyle ment lots of dinners and drinking, looser silhouettes saved me.	episode_done:True
text:Formula for a put together outfit that works for most aesthetics	labels:I love this! I know some people are skeptical - obviously it’s not a comprehensive guide and points are subjective but I feel like it’s a simple formula and pretty easy for everyone to experiment with. I have to try it!!!	episode_done:True
text:can you tell me the major difference b/w style and fashion?!	labels:One of my favorite quotes is by Coco Chanel: "Etiquette are for those without manners, in the same way as fashion is for those without style."  What this means to me is that fashion is a series of "rules" and transient ideas about what "good style" is, but isn't really a substitute for having your own well-defined, more solid and long-lasting style.	episode_done:True
text:I second this! My aunt gifted me an all saints leather jacket as a graduation/first job gift and it’s been amazing to have in my closet. When I was going into the office I was wearing it multiple times per week!	labels:I was literally going to say an All Saints leather jacket, mostly because its my current list item	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 01	labels:Man, neighborhood Facebook groups are wild  > "What was with all the gunshots at night?"  > "Those were fireworks you numpty"  > "Then why were all those cops out? [Link to news story]"  > "Because of the bear. [Link to follow up news story about a bear wandering around]"
text:I love my internet familia	labels:gabbagoo	episode_done:True
text:The RealReal Alleges Chanel is Maintaining a “Monopoly” With the Help of Big-Name Retailers, Publishers in New Filing	labels:> Chanel became concerned that its classic flap handbag was being carried by too many people ‘without style'  LMAOOO this is this is elitist pete level of gatekeeping.
text:What is your ideal first date outfit?	labels:I prefer getting drinks for a first date. I think having a dinner date is too formal/too much of a (time) commitment when I’m just trying to get to know a person and feel each other out. It’s easier to dip out after a drink and there is less financial involvement.   Usually I wear a pair of statement earrings and one other statement piece (can be anything: jacket, top, etc). The rest I keep pretty basic (aka the rest of my outfit is black).   I wear a lot of black generally, so on a first date, I want to wear something that is representative of what I wear on day-to-day.	episode_done:True
text:Yeah it’s been that way for 5 years or so	labels:but i thought my slim-fitting chinos were supposed to be timeless
text:This! I’m not usually worrying about making my coat look cute with my outfit because I’m usually wearing my coat walking to and from my car and that’s it!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The finances of curating a high-end wardrobe through luxury resale: how much do you spend on clothing taking into account resale revenue?	labels:I buy a lot more ~~stuff~~ clothes than I should imagining I can resell them later on. it's pretty hard to sell things, and the things that would sell easily are always ones I wanna keep	episode_done:True
text:like 1 or 2 years ago? She ended her own life.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Wear skin tight leggings if you want to assert dominance by showing off your big dick  Am I doing it right?	labels:Best pants to show off your BD? Grey Sweatpants - according to the grey sweatpants inspo album comments.	episode_done:True
text:I love you jahnsas	labels:	episode_done:True
text:A complete capsule wardrobe - casual version	labels:Sounds like a nice collection. The noragi detail sounds like a nice, unusual touch.
text:Agree. I'm always happier to be overdressed than under dressed	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Junya Watanabe FW/2021	labels:I call this look "japanese anime with english subtitles"	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge: Layering - Reminder!	labels:How/where does one submit? And apologies in advance if I’m too dumb to read good.
text:Remote Business Casual	labels:Honestly, Covid has made me realize I do dress for myself. I still wear pretty much what I would wear to work, albeit minus a blazer, and jeans a little more often. I just want to enjoy my life to the fullest and use all my nice things. I think watching killing eve, I realized how closely I identify with Villanelle’s attitude towards possessions. And they are here to be used.   The only big difference is now I work in fuzzy slippers. Something’s gotta give.
text:What are people's experiences with clothing challenges like trying not to buy clothes for a year/only buying second hand? What are some tips?	labels:I did a no buy from June 2018 to June 2019 because I was getting married and then some other life things happened right after. What it did for me was made me realize how much I didn’t need to buy clothing like I had been, and it made me transition to buy almost solely secondhand. I’m still buying almost completely secondhand, but, I have relaxed a bit because 2020 is a shit year and I told myself that, if I can afford something without financial hardship, than get it if I want it.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 21	labels:Where is a good place to sell a hardly worn coat that I had the sleeves shortened and now too short for me? How do I work out what's a reasonable price to sell it for considering it's barely worn and the alteration cost like £30?
text:Brown and Olive: Color Combination Series	labels:These are all fits Dwight Shrute would approve.	episode_done:True
text:Possibly but there is no way to tell   Some claim they make outlet quality versions of mainline jeans. Not sure I believe that. With Levis ubiquitous sales you could probably get 501s from the Levi website for close to the same price with Black Friday coming up.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What do you get tailored?	labels:Speaking of silk...I got some wide leg silk blend trousers from uniqlo last fall and the waistband was flappy in the front. There was an elastic in the gathered back so that was fine but there was no stretch to the silk in front so I them in for some darts.   They fit perfectly now! They are (.....were?!?!) great work pants and I got a lot of use out of them last fall.   I also got a really nice red trench coat tailored to fit. It cost about as much to get the coat tailored as it cost to buy but it looks great now! It was slightly too wide before. It fit pretty good in the sleeves and it was good on my shoulders but it was too boxy and now it’s much more tailored!!	episode_done:True
text:What are novelty leather keyrings/keychains for? How do you use them?	labels:I believe that they are used so you can have an easier time finding your keys as well as just a decoration.   I don't personally use them because I like to minimize the amount of space my items take up, but I can imagine it being relatively hard to find keys in a large tote unless you have a lot of little thingos hanging off of them, or you attach them to some kind of long string, hook, etc or keep them on a lanyard like you said.	episode_done:True
text:Rick Owens Fall 2021 Menswear Collection	labels:Imagine being Rick Owens and releasing this after Bernie just wore some recycled mittens.	episode_done:True
text:Overhauling my wardrobe with lasting pieces	labels:Brands can have multiple styles that they sell that can go many different ways, so just recommending brands may not be the best idea. Lots of brands sell some pretty hideous things too.   If you want to start finding good value items, which it seems like is your goal, go used or vintage. Look at places like thrift stores and sites like Etsy and eBay. You’ll be spending a lot less and can find pretty good deals from time to time. You’re going to make mistakes and not wear everything you buy, so start small and go from there.   The point on “outlasting”, it matters far more how you take care of it. Think of it like a car, if you drive it 100 miles everyday and rarely take it in for service or just let it rest, it’ll wear down pretty fast. But if you take that same car and drive it twice a week for 20 miles, keep it in a garage, do your preventative maintenance, it’s going to likely look great and drive better in 10 years even if it’s a piece of junk.   My suggestion is to rotate if you want things to last. Don’t wear the same pair of shoes everyday, let them take 24 hours to breathe and air out. Give them the care they need. Same goes for jackets and other clothes. Two pairs of cheap boots that are taken care of will likely last longer than a pair of expensive boots that are worn till they crumble apart.  Quick edit: luxury does not mean it will last. Many luxury items are made of fine fabrics that are not as durable as cheaper versions or similar.
text:[WWD] Pal Zileri scaling down major manufacturing plant. Hope this isn't a trend for Italian RTW Tailoring mainstays, especially one as craft-driven as this.	labels:Man, my favorite suits in my closet are Pal Zileri...it would be sad to see them go.	episode_done:True
text:Walmart fashion a “new” thing as seen on IG bloggers?	labels:I think I remember Alison at @wardrobe_oxygen gave it a try at some point because it is size inclusive and she felt it would be good to promote clothes at a lower price point but she gave up because the quality just wasn't there.	episode_done:True
text:I Dyed My Jeans With $6 Dye and Here Are The Results	labels:This is so thorough and great. Thank you for this write up! What a great idea to refresh old (or new!) clothes with a little bit of color.	episode_done:True
text:Fall 2020 Fit Battle - Round 2 - Discussion	labels:Slim fit pants by the power of the lurkers please carry me.
text:The universe sent you that job interview to hook you up with those suits!	labels:Haha, yes!	episode_done:True
text:What’s a piece you bought before the pandemic, but haven’t worn a single time since because the occasion has been cancelled/we have literally nowhere to go?	labels:every single clothing item i’ve bought I’ve worn for facetime, for zoom class, or posted myself in on tiktok or instagram. fashion is one of my absolute favorite hobbies and this pandemic can’t stop me from showing off my outfits.	episode_done:True
text:Holy smokes, her stuff is amazing! Thanks for mentioning her :)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:90s/00s Bollywood Fashion	labels:Perfect to view on a chilled Sunday afternoon...	episode_done:True
text:What are your favorite sites to read and learn about fashion?	labels:I've personally found that a lot of fashion discussion has moved away from traditional blogs and you kind of have to go digging around on different platforms to find the niches you like. I watch a lot of fashion commentary and analysis on YouTube and TikTok.  For fashion themes on different movies and TV shows these are my favourite YouTubers:  * www.youtube.com/c/CleverAndChic  * www.youtube.com/c/ModernGurlz  * www.youtube.com/c/minale99
text:how often do you wash your clothes?	labels:It depends on the item. Underwear, socks, and face masks get washed after every wear. Jeans get washed about 3 times a year. Wool gets washed once it starts to smell funky. If I don’t really sweat, shirts and blouses get washed every 2-4 wears. So I do a load of laundry whenever I have enough things dirty to do at least half a load. This is usually every 2 weeks for me.	episode_done:True
text:Thoughts on ski / apres ski style?	labels: Top Apres ski pic is Aspen, isn't it? Unless every resort town has those sidewalks.  Honestly, if really unsure here, I'd look at hashtags and gallery pics from local bars to see what people are wearing.  Denim is COLD in these climates and unpleasant if you're going to be outside a lot.   I feel as if Gorsuch and Alp-n-Rock do these looks well, but yeah, expensively. I would probably look for similar on Asos and maybe Tommy Hilfiger for "sporty but make it sweaters."	episode_done:True
text:Yes! Second hand for sweaters all the way. I buy some sweaters from Poshmark. Because they can be so ageless, we can find pretty nice pieces from a few seasons ago, or even decades ago, and it'd still look current.   The only issue is old sweaters could have shrunk, look tired, or even felted, or come with holes. I returned two Poshmark pieces because they literally had undisclosed moth holes in them, lol. So always be careful about buying quality wool online.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Unusual inspirations	labels:I was a really big fan of pretty much everything rust cole war in the first season of true detective. I liked the earth tones and muted plain combinations.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 09, 2020	labels:Would black jeans go with a khaki hoodie	episode_done:True
text:Good point, I agree! Thank you for taking the time to read & share your thoughts.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Favorite brands for cocktail dresses?	labels:I love BCBGMaxAzria and Alice and Olivia but I don’t know how similar it is to Khaite and Solace!	episode_done:True
text:Shinies From the Past - or, What to do with Gifts from Past Relationships?	labels:Depends on what it is. Engagement ring? Probably not gonna be able to wear that, might as well sell it or have it reset into a different piece.   One of my exes is the son of a jeweler and I got some extremely nice pieces in the 5 years we were together. There is no way I would have parted with any of it (unlikely to buy pieces at this price point for myself) but I did return the engagement ring since it was his mother's diamond. Everything else is still in rotation.
text:Styling suggestions: Have an item you don’t know how to wear? Comment here and let someone style it for you!	labels:Black suede chelsea boots
text:Inspo Album: Y2K Style For Anybody!	labels:It finally happened. I am old enough for the fashion I grew up in to be fashionable and trendy again
text:This is exactly it. One of my close friends dresses extremely colorfully and pretty much every day she is wearing something glittery, bedazzled, studded with rhinestones etc. But it matches the context she’s in well— work, dinner date, beach, hell she’s even got sparkly athletic gear when she’s on a run. She does get noticed for it, but even at her job (when she was going in person) it was just kind of known and accepted that she had a funky style and it was appreciated as part of her personality and beauty.	labels:I completely agree - context is everything. I like wearing a lot of jewelry and bold colors, but for my style choices shifts to match the context. I end up looking like a sparkly librarian for my office job. So I’ll wear shiny rose gold flats and statement jewelry with a toned down dress.	episode_done:True
text:Why has this comment been downvoted so much? This seems like actual advice	labels:Probably because it's not a solution to his current predicament.	episode_done:True
text:Y.＆SONS A/W 2020 Contempory Mens Kimono	labels:The pairings with Norwegian Rain coats look amazing	episode_done:True
text:Red wing seconds on Sierra. There  are limited sizes right now because they did a drop several weeks  Wolverine 1000 mile on sale/seconds. Check out leftlanesports.com and their sister site theclymb.com     Thursday boot company   Dr Marten/Solovair   Beckett Simonon   Allen Edmonds Higgins Mill on sale. Their  sales are constant lately so you just have to wait-and-see.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Difficulty distinguishing between so 'idealized' style and personal style?	labels:Maybe start off from experimenting within the casual chic and sport chix styles? It might be more comfortable for you and closer to your current choices. Then you can elevate your style more and more, and also bring in new "infusions". Take it step by step and take your time	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Fashion Grave Robbing	labels:I'm coming for your LV neverfull  "But it lasts forrrreverrrrr and it's an invessssstmenttttt!"  1. Not really, I have LL Bean bags that are in better shape than some of my friends' LV bags.   2. Unless you have a family of 4 paying $300/month to live inside it, it's not an investment.
text:Is Y2K fashion coming back organically or is it a result of progressing the 90's comeback to the next decade since that trend seemed to work out?	labels:Everything eventually comes back in fashion.  Personally I would love for 2000s jeans to come back - not super low rise or the ones that were bedazzled or laced up but just normal rise bootcut and flare jeans. I have a few from that era that I still wear all the time and a couple more that I had to replace with similar ones from poshmark because I couldn't find them in shops.  I also miss 2000s makeup. Sure, there was too much body glitter and candy colors but there was also the fresh dewy look of blush and a light lip gloss - think Britney Spears in her Oops I Did It Again video, or Mandy Moore's makeup in her video for Candy. Not everything in the 2000s was horrible lol.
text:*all these people must be from Portland*	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Kind of a nitpick, but many color analysts don’t really consider black a “color” in its own right, same with white, at least when it comes to your “power colors”	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Clarks Released a "Desert Boot 2" - They Look Pretty Nice, What does Everybody Think?	labels:This might be heresy, but I actually prefer the Bushacres over the old and new CDB, having had multiple pairs of both. I originally bought the Bushacre just because they were cheaper, but ultimately came to like it better.   The crepe sole looks nice out of the box, but it just gets dirty and nasty looking IME. Although this one looks a bit darker maybe. I'll have to see it in person.
text:What are your fiction and or nonfiction plans and outfits? What are the things you want to wear just to wear?	labels:I’m going to continue rotating through my Splendid pajama set, my Target pajama set, and my Eberjey pajama set, as I’ve been doing essentially since March.   My toddler, however, has a lineup of ridiculous holiday shirts, sweater dresses, and one unbelievably adorable velvet and plaid Christmas Day dress that she will be wearing to smear paint and mashed sweet potatoes and poop on herself in the coming days.	episode_done:True
text:Woodies Clothing Process Review	labels:Thank you for the review!  I like this level of detail.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 22, 2020	labels:God I hate that "working out is modern couture" quote.
text:>relaxed fits, patch pockets  Great!  >a pretty standard over arching lapel size **(let’s say 2in)**  Oh fuck :(	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What is something you've heard as fashion advice that isn't worth following?	labels:I guess no white after labor day? I still hear that a lot, which is nonsense. I love wearing white and will continue to wear it whenever I want.
text:People who've been working from home for most of 2020 - do you think your work style will change when you go back to the office (compared to your work wardrobe pre-lockdown)? If so, how?	labels:I am a teacher that went back to working in the building at the beginning of September, so to be fair I was only wfh for several months in the spring, but it still drastically changed my style, or my perspective on my style.   Pre-Covid my work style (and general style) had morphed over the years to become very, very minimal and neutral. Lots of Everlane and Eileen Fisher. This was both because I wanted to be taken seriously at my job (I read very young) and because it also seemed like what was in style to me.   Returning to work in the fall, I realized I really f*cking hated all of my sensible, plain, go with everything black and grey clothes.   I still really prefer earth tones and blacks and greys, and I still wear some pretty simple outfits somedays, but I went on a small spree on The RealReal after I had my realization. I bought myself some louder statement pieces that feel more me, including an embroidered Happy Sheep sweater, a knit Missoni sheath dress, a multi-colored leather and fur purse, platform oxfords, and a couple of geometric patterned silk shirts and dresses.   For me life is too short to try so hard to be timeless and professional. I’m not knocking the look, it just isn’t ~me~ I want to love the clothes I wear and the clothes I love are fun knits and patterns.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 11, 2020	labels:How is the sizing on the Patagonia down sweater hoody? How is the sizing on the Patagonia down sweater hoody? Thinking of getting one, I am usually size medium but heard the sizing can be a bit boxy/large ?
text:Pics please!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:A Bespoke Shirtmaker On How A Shirt Should Fit	labels:Didn't see any mention about back fit. For sample I don't remember ever having a shirt that didn't pull tight on my back when doing a hugging motion with my arms. Even with made to measure shirts. Is this just a given and part of the experience with dress shirts?
text:Oh I love myself those blankets that you can feel the heat just radiating back and building up immediately as it touches your skin 😂	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Ladies with eczema or sensitive skin, what kind of leisure wear, tights, and leggings do you buy?	labels:I've found that cotton is best, with up to 5% spandex. It's not a sexy look, but cotton flannel pyjamas are very comfy and cause no skin issues for me. I also have a couple pairs of cotton-stretch joggers from Amazon for home wear, and a pair of truly ancient 100% viscose leggings (they're basically see through now, which is probably why they're so soft). Honestly I usually wear a cotton dress around the house though - I find anything tight-fitting on the legs can cause trouble.  For tights, Falke has always been more comfortable than average for me. I buy a size up, which seems to reduce the pressure and itching.	episode_done:True
text:Fall 2020 Fit Battle - Round 2 - Discussion	labels:Slim fit pants by the power of the lurkers please carry me.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 08, 2021	labels:Hi guys :) I have metatarsial pain <\3  I walk 3hs a day, are the Adidas Ultraboost or the New Balance 247 good for walking?  Any other options are welcomed, thanks!	episode_done:True
text:Handbag conundrum: lesser know (and lesser seen all over the place) or standard luxury designer bags (think the usual Gucci, YSL, LV, etc.)	labels:Definitely buy what makes you happy. The fact that you have looked at the high end, well known brands and came away disappointed indicates that (this season at least), they aren't for you.   To answer your question directly: for me, personally, showing my own style is 1000% more important than showing the status of a luxury brand. Do the two sometimes overlap? Yes, and that's fine. But I don't personally get buying something *just* because it is a certain brand. Who are you trying to impress? What are you conveying with that logo (wow, you're well off? What kind of message is that, on its own?) I just feel like people who are super into labels, not the design or the style or anything else, just come across as kind of immature? The truth is, anyone worth spending much time with isn't overly concerned with what logo your bag has. (Now! I will concede there is a difference between showing off luxury brands and having higher end items, in some circles. Like, there could be some tension if you're hanging out with super millionaire socialites and everything you wear is from TJ Maxx...but in that case, I'd still say its important to focus on personal style first. And knowing about smaller higher end designers, rather than designers you can buy at a mall, is a whole different thing too...)
text:Gunna need some pics of that bad boy. Sounds like a really cool ring.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 13, 2020	labels:I have a black suit, a navy suit, and wear denim mostly.   What would be more versatile: brown, black, or brown suede Chelseas?
text:I am curious to find out if anyone WILL come to my house this year. I will have candy out just in case.  I LOVE Star Wars and went as Leia one year. Complete with the hairdo LOL   Hope you and your family get to enjoy the day. So awesome that you have great weather. It is gloomy, cold, and windy here in MN today.	labels:The hairdo is the best part!  Thanks! Hope you enjoy your Halloween too!
text:What true heirloom pieces do you own and how do you incorporate them into your style?	labels:My heirlooms came from my grandmother, who was 5'2" in heels. I am built the same way, but have more inches than she did... so alas, that gorgeous Burberry trench coat simply cannot be made to fit.   However, Gram was a collector of cashmere and one of those people who believed that if you like a thing, you should have one in every color, and two in the colors you like best, against it wearing out. I have a handful of her sweaters, some of which are from the early 70's. These sweaters were everyday wear for her, and it does show, but they are SO soft and SO luscious that I wear them around the house on a regular basis. My cats don't care that they're two inches too short and have holes at the hem.   I did inherit some of her jewelry, including her engagement ring, which was put in a setting that my grandfather designed. Sadly, resizing the setting to fit me would have destroyed it, so I have that put away until I find a jeweler I trust to make it into a necklace with a new stone. I have an AMAZING opal bracelet of hers, also my grandfather's design, a silver wire cuff with the opals set in as the body of a spider. Gram never told my grandfather that the thought of a spider on her wrist freaked her out- she rarely wore it. I never met my grandfather to tell him how cool I think that piece is. Looks amazing peeking out from under the lace sleeves of my favorite LBD.
text:you should buy Barbour from uk sites. They are 200 dollars cheaper, usually.	labels:Do you get dinged with shipping/taxes/duties? Is it $200 cheaper after all that too?
text:I don't find that at all. I watched a video where 4 women with different body shapes all tried styles that weren't supposed to be flattering. At the end of the video, the opinions hadn't changed.  I do see how that can be limiting & believe that people should wear whatever they want regardless though.	labels:I mean, a video intended to prove a point is going to select examples that support their argument, no?	episode_done:True
text:What socks do you guys wear? and some advice on socks please?	labels:Darn Tough
text:I'm crying for you	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I feel like this list can be modernized by stating an item's function, rather than defining what the items themselves should be.   For instance, instead of the blazer and dress pants, the description "an outfit well-suited for a professional job interview" would work well, and then one could discuss various pieces that could work within these constraints, such as a well-fitting cardigan and a pencil skirt.   Instead of a "little black dress," what they really mean is "an easy and versatile somewhat-formal piece" that's suitable for anything from a work happy hour to a holiday party and is easy to dress up or down. Doesn't have to be a dress, doesn't have to be black, but something that has the same level of versatility and formality that's appropriate for multiple occasions.   Instead of "classic white shirt," could mean a "versatile neutral top" that can be coordinated multiple ways across multiple contexts, worn casually on its own or as a foundation piece under a pantsuit. "Trench coat" is similar--a piece of outerwear that has trend longevity and can be worn atop most outfits, but obviously this changes depending on your climate; a down coat could fill this wardrobe niche if you're somewhere cold.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How to combine colors	labels:The article about monocolor wearers is awesome. I don't think I have the self-assurance or tie for that, yet, but I may grow into it with time - how fun it would be to dye all of my own matching clothes in exactly the same shade. Thank you!
text:2020 Fall Fit Battle - Championship - Voting	labels:8888plasma vs NgoKnows	episode_done:True
text:Call for Moderator Nominations & Applications	labels:Nominating /u/wuzpoppin
text:Fashion to help your changing body and lifestyle?	labels:I can't speak on the weight gain thing other than I'm sure you still look lovely and I hope you still feel beautiful right now as well. Weight gain is nothing to be ashamed of, but I commend you for trying to be healthier - that shit isn't easy!!  As for the "wanting to look professional but wanting to look / feel like myself", I think a LOT of people struggle with this. I feel like for the emo look, wearing all black can still be seen as very professional, I think the issue more would be the cuts of the clothes. It also depends on your profession / workplace - obviously some places are much more lenient and you can get away with a lot more skin. Maybe wearing jewelry that is more alternative can also be a good way to look professional but feel like yourself.	episode_done:True
text:What brands do you recommend that are higher quality and can last longer?	labels:Here is a bunch of personal examples:  Norse Projects, A kind of Guise Red Wing boots, Asket, Aime Leon Dore, Ebbets Field Flannels, Mont St Michel, Portuguese Flannel, NN07  For example, I from Norse Projects I have a pair of Thomas Wool Flannel trousers and an Anton OCBD, both are like 7 years old and I wear them very regularly. They both still hold up extremly well. I can also really vouch for A kind of Guise, Asket & Ebbets Field Flannels.	episode_done:True
text:Got my first pair in February of 2020 (pre-covid) and only wore them twice before my state went on 84 day lock down, which by then it was summer. Now, I wear them literally every day and I don’t ever want any other shoe!!!!! THEY ARE AMAZING!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Bonjour, c’est moi! Thank you very much! My tailor works very hard to hide my wonkily proportioned legs.	labels:She/he is doing great work. Are they bespoke?
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 25, 2020	labels:Does anyone know a good pair of joggers that have the pocket on the thigh or knee area?	episode_done:True
text:What trousers do people wear these days?	labels:Right now my kick is the paper bag waist pants. The right material can make it very classy and is so flattering. H&M and Macy’s or JCP has great options.  Aritzia is also great but can run pricey.	episode_done:True
text:The final sentence!! 😂	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Sounds like someone exactly your size/height might have donated all of those at once. You were definitely meant to find them :)	labels:Yes, I bet—they were all hanging together! Sending good energy to my body twin! :)	episode_done:True
text:When is a garment worth it to you?	labels:For most reasonably priced items, my rule is (unless there an urgent sale) to wait ~3-4 weeks. If I still want the item just as bad, I get it (or wait for a sale to get it). If I’m excited about something else, then so be lol  For expensive items, I do the same but also find an excuse (holiday, birthday, publish a paper, etc.)
text:How do I feel sexy at home in winter?	labels:matching bra and panties. it works wonders. I do this in the summer too (on summer bra days, which with boob sweat there are not many). when I buy a new bra, I typically get 2-3 coordinating panties in different styles so I have some options, and then put them together under all my clothes. I swear there's a posture change when I'm wearing ratty underclothes vs nice ones. even if no one sees it, I know it's there.
text:General Discussion - December 20, 2020	labels:what's on ya'll's mind
text:How do you balance bright statement pieces with a capsule wardrobe?	labels:I’m a believer in color families with random pops of color. White on white on White is cool but white on slightly off white on slightly cooler-toned off white with a chartreuse belt? Perfection. I feel like the color family option gives you more options	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Vintage Wool Sweaters Need Good, Loving Homes	labels:As a born and raised Norwegian, now living in the UK, my love for wool jumpers is endless and my sadness is twofold. 1) I might be Norwegian, but I've also got extremely sensitive skin. Thus my heart may be set on wool, but my skin is absolutely not, unless it's very fine cashmere or particular blends. 2) When autumn comes my immediate reaction is "WEAR ALL THE WOOL JUMPERS", and then I remember I live in the south of England and it doesn't actually get that cold here, plus it always rains.   Neither of those points are going to keep me from now spending several hours looking at vintage wool jumpers online though.
text:For the parents of girls	labels:My daughter dresses herself, and chooses her own clothing. She is a whole and intact separate human being from me and has autonomy and her own sense of style. She is a late teen now, but this has been true since she has been old enough to put on her own clothing. In her middle school years she started altering her clothes, changing cuts and retailoring them to suit her taste.   I don’t make comments about her body or what I think she should do with it beyond staying safe and healthy.	episode_done:True
text:Lots of designers don't dress like the stuff they design. Its kind of funny	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Tony Hsieh, Zappos Luminary Who Revolutionized the Shoe Business, Dies at 46	labels:Oh no!! What a legend 😪	episode_done:True
text:NYT: Jil Sander is back, with a new Uniqlo collaboration and a lot of opinions.	labels:Waited over 2 hours in line... luckily they had stock for the items in the size and colours I wanted LOL   +j hybrid down oversized parka in olive - gorgeous cut. love love it.  +j wool tailored jacket in navy - fits damn near perfect, 100% wool. drapes so nicely. I will get a lot of wear out of these because its so versatile and the silhouette is on point.  +j light down volume hooded coat in white - maybe too stylish a piece? the white version outer is thicker than the other colours. very warm for the time I tried it on at home.   +j ribbed full-zip long sleeve sweater in brown - fits perfect. so warm and comfy. going to be a favourite piece.   I will keep all of them. So happy with this purchase!	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone take their “power color” really seriously? Basing a whole wardrobe around one color - not just choosing an accent color for a neutral capsule?	labels:I basically do this with pink already, outside of my work wardrobe (and even half of that is pink)... It works well for me and wasn't something I specifically meant to do, it just sort of happened, haha. I even had bright pink hair for most of university! Some may find it immature but the colour makes me happy, and it makes it a lot easier for my husband to find me when I wonder off in public.	episode_done:True
text:How do you care for your expensive/fragile pieces?	labels:Honestly not using the dryer is the best piece of advice (of course being allergic to fabric softener made my decision for me).  I have Forever 21 pieces in my closet that are at least a decade old.  They survived.
text:General Discussion - January 01, 2021	labels:Hi all! I think this is the place for my comment/question. I've always been told my magazine and fashion outlets that dressing for my bodytype (atheletic boyish rectangle no stomach hips or boobs lol) that I needed to focus on creating the illusion of having curves and wear aline or circle skirts and frilly tops that put emphasis on my boobs. It works and I feel good, but when I take it off I start to feel like a fraud. Like I'm selling a body or image that isn't me and feel bad about it. I know its all about self love but I want to start dressing for MY body and feeling good not dressing to create a body I don't have
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 22, 2020	labels:I keep finding tons of women’s ponchos but the only men’s I can find are Canada goose ($700!!!) or majority ugly ones on Etsy. Do any established brands make ponchos that don’t just look like costumes from a movie?
text:Online Styling Services?	labels:I did trunk club by Nordstrom pre-pandemic and it was nice to have the opportunity to try a lot of different stuff. My stylist moved to being a Nordstrom in-house stylist now, I’m a crappy client who hasn’t bought anything for a year, but be happy to shoot his name over if you want to try. I believe it’s free of charge
text:How have you been doing your shopping since Covid?	labels:I know my measurements in cm and inches, so I make extensive use of online size charts and garment measurements. So far this has worked out and I haven't had to return anything.  That being said, I got let go in March and didn't get a job again until August so I didn't buy anything really from March-September.	episode_done:True
text:Honestly I think we need to make this a thing.  Once a yr (Christmas why not) rent out a mansion w some friends and invite a bunch of people.  Black tie, no exceptions #bringbackballgowns	labels:I do agree. I just want one day to go ALL out. The idea of wearing the most extravagant thing you have is amazing. All the celebrities do it during award season, why can't we???	episode_done:True
text:What work for my boyfriends taste and body type?	labels:I’d recommend going to a suit store and having him measured. Buying clothes is much better when you know your measurements, especially online shopping. Wearing clothes that fit right helps my self confidence a lot. For his build a tailored/athletic/muscle fit would probably fit best (talking about shirts), possibly a slim fit depending on the brand and the size chart for it.   I’d recommend learning his measurements because finding what he likes and what works best for him will help him develop his own style. It also makes online shopping so much easier.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 23, 2020	labels:Anyone know of good fleece pants or sweatpants that aren’t joggers?	episode_done:True
text:Quilted Pants	labels:Adidas ones are fire	episode_done:True
text:Revisiting Fall/Winter Favorites -Duffle Coats pt 3	labels:Wow here I am ready to finally pull out my Schott peacoat bought last Spring, and here comes MFA with a jacket type I didn’t know existed. Step aside, peacoat...	episode_done:True
text:Looking for a Shear Thing (Shearling Jackets)	labels:John Varvatos mainline (grey tag) has some great shearling.  Remember, they go by Euro sizing so make sure you get the size right.	episode_done:True
text:Wait what? Where do you work?	labels:Touristy areas that get a ton of people coming through. Combine that with me being a smaller guy and it makes people feel like they can fuck around with me :) Retail is lit	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge Announcement: Holiday Spirit!	labels:Sounds like I’ll be creating a fit revolving around my AE Jingle Bell Moks tomorrow then.	episode_done:True
text:Messy eaters? Tell your stories and hacks / fixes.	labels:I live alone and during this year have largely been working from home. My go to, unironically, is I just take my shirt off altogether. I'm not a very messy eater but I eat a lot of things with severe staining ability, so I'm not taking any risks.  Take off shirt. Eat food. Put shirt back on. I rarely spill anything on myself but I don't need to worry about it if I do.	episode_done:True
text:MFA Brand MegaReview: Drake's | January 16, 2021	labels:**What brand should we review next week?**  Note that this is not a democracy. I'll take your opinions into account, but ultimately just pick what I want to pick.
text:I love wearing different shades of one color, especially gray, which is a lot of my wardrobe. I've worn a gray suit with gray shoes, a gray shirt, and a gray tie. (And gray lipstick, sometimes!)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The North Face's Denali Jacket Hit Icon Status in '95—And Stayed There Ever Since	labels:The North Face Mountain Guide jacket is also very iconic of the time.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 08	labels:Very happy with the reception my Bollywood album got. I'll eventually put together one with more traditional Indian outfits from Bollywood films.
text:Damn that's a while. On the plus side, it did end up going through!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are your favorite outfits to wear with white booties?	labels:I think you can wear white booties with a lot of different outfits! Personally I love them with a mini dress, denim and a white top/sweater, or white denim with a white top and a black or neutral accent sweater/duster!	episode_done:True
text:[Inspiration] Florals are such a mood	labels:Love this so much! Thank you for creating such a great list of images.	episode_done:True
text:NTA. No reason to feel bad you have done nothing wrong and she should not take things so seriously. My british shorthair cat has the most luscious soft coat an animal can have and I always think she would make the most amazing coat but I could never think of hurting her. I am simply jealous	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Agreed, Hypebeast is pretty much a RSS feed aggregator. Just coalesces press releases; the posts they actually write are pretty abysmal.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:My thoughts of the Cote&Ciel Isar L after a year	labels:Have this in ecoyarn M and was my daily driver for about 2 years until covid hit. I like it for its intriguing look, but it's not the most practical of bags. It is quite heavy, and the damn shoulder strap adjusters always loosen up. It doesn't have a quick access pocket as well except for the secret one where I just put my coin purse for commuting.  It's more of a show-off/flex backpack imo. I got an Aer Fit Pack in X-pac for practicality but will most likely keep my Isar M.	episode_done:True
text:Black Denim Jacket Inspo Album	labels:Iron Heart OD or FTG black denim jacket >>>>	episode_done:True
text:Male fashion icons	labels:Neo from The Matrix. Which basically means I like black.
text:Do you feel the black Friday sales better or worse than usually this year? Is it worth to buy clothing you won't wear until next year?	labels:The sales are about the same as last year. The difference IMO is they’re starting earlier. I think you should only buy if you actually have a need or function for it.   I’ve bought the Sheertex tights so far. Looking forward to never having to replace these black tights ever again.  I’ve been in the market for a camel coat and black leather jacket for a couple years, but haven’t found the perfect one to pull the trigger on either yet. I may just save my money and buy Max Mara next year.
text:Man you just know if it were left wing protestors they’d have been mowed down before even getting close.  All I can really hope for at this point is that mild success by the right encourages meaningful actions by us as well	labels:They sent 500 NG to that county and boarded up downtown *before* they announced that 2 cops wouldn't be charged in the death of a black person (I'm forgetting names). How woefully unprepared they are for this entirely predictable coup is baffling to me.
text:Inspo Album: The Fun Coats Club	labels:I loooove coats, especially fun coats! I have a good few, from Boden, Ted Baker, Pendleton, Burberry Brit... but I have hardly worn any this season so far. It’s been too warm! I’m in Northern California (Bay Area) and usually it’s cold enough in the morning during my commute that I need something (for 40-ish degree weather, before 8/9am) but nowadays I don’t go that many places and when I do, it’s already in the 50’s or 60’s when I leave the house! 😭	episode_done:True
text:That makes me think of that scene in The Terminal where Tom Hanks tries to make meals out of those free crackers and ketchup packets.	labels:I was thinking of Emily Blunt in The Devil Wears Prada lol  " It's for Paris, I'm on this new diet. Well, I don't eat anything and when I feel like I'm about to faint I eat a cube of cheese. I'm just one stomach flu away from my goal weight."	episode_done:True
text:Buy Sell Thread - November 30, 2020	labels:This is a friendly reminder to only post links from Grailed, Ebay, Depop, and similar reputable platforms.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/malefashionadvice) if you have any questions or concerns.*	episode_done:True
text:Revisiting Fall/Winter Favorites: N1 Deck Jackets pt2	labels:Just ordered one from Finisterre yesterday, can't wait for it to arrive.  Only negative is that I think its only got a lined collar and I kind of wanted the full lining. In case it turns out to be a deal-breaker, anyone know where #2 is from?	episode_done:True
text:Top of WAYWT - July 2020	labels:Man, I’ve been lurking this sub for a few months, and frankly I’m at a loss. I can’t figure out why people are rolling their pant legs. These fits all just seem weird to me, and everything looks costume-y.   I don’t want to be rude or anything. Is it cause of how uncommon these outfits are in my part of the world? What am I missing?
text:link/code?  I’m on their email list but haven’t gotten it.	labels:The code is “cozy20”!  Good until November 1.
text:It was actually a gay slur.	labels:coolcoolcoolcool
text:[Inspo & Commentary] Rings	labels:I'm Indian, so if I wear <22k gold, my mom will yell at me.
text:Shitpost Saturday: What do your shoes say about you?	labels:My shoes reveal absolutely nothing about me because one of my stepsisters got blood all over them in an attempt to steal my man. Luckily he saw (he’s not very good with faces btw) but I am still left without shoes! I suppose you could argue that I am poor since I can’t yet afford new shoes. Makes sense given the fact I have been living in a drafty attic for the past decade or so...
text:How would you store sentimental clothing?	labels:If you want to be able to look at it, depending on how well it folds up (like if there is a design on the torso that could be arranged on top), you could potentially put it in a shadow box to reduce the amount of wall space it takes up.  You could also get a decorative dress form and display it on that.	episode_done:True
text:my all-black eDgY WiTcHy gOtH capsule wardrobe	labels:You just convinced me to get textured faux leather pants.
text:What is the breakdown of $ spent for various outfits you actually wear?	labels:Shirt ~20-50 Pants/Shorts ~40-120 Boxers ~10 Socks ~4 Flip Flops/Sneakers ~30-150 Times Weekender Watch ~50	episode_done:True
text:If money were no object? Bespoke or haute couture?	labels:In this hypothetical I'd go with haute couture. In your friend's situation I'd keep looking until I found a designer I liked. Bespoke would be my last option for a couple of reasons. Your friend wants contemporary fashion, but most bespoke tailors make traditional clothes for a typically older crowd (you're in NYC though so there are some bespoke tailors catering to a younger crowd; make sure you look for them specifically). The bespoke tailors catering to a younger crowd don't have designs as good as high end ready to wear IMO. Tailoring and designing are different skills, and there's a reason Louis Vuittion, YSL, Dior, Gucci, etc pay their head designers millions per year. Of course some $4000 coats are worth more than others, so it would be good to know a bit about general quality.  Personally, I prioritize design over fit. I can deal with a less than perfect fit if I love the design of a piece. But I won't wear a piece if I don't love the design, even if it fits well.   The middle ground option is made to measure, or MTM. MTM for outerwear isn't as common for suiting, but it's out there.
text:The only way to make it work is to sell items directly, preferably ones you’ve bought at bargain basement prices. eBay, Grailed, Vestiaire etc will absolutely destroy your margin with their cut. This means building an Instagram following, finding your way into niche communities, and spending hours photographing, pricing, and listing items. If having thirsty dudes slide into your DMs is worth an extra $100 to you, it can go a long way towards making you profitable.   Even then, if you’re not buying things with an eye towards flipping, it’s going to be slow and potentially not worth the time investment. I’m a big Rick collector, and what I buy for myself has little overlap with what has significant resale value. I make most of my extra money on arbitrage between markets and reselling unisex pieces to the significantly larger male audience. If I wanted to make a significant dent in my clothing budget with resale, it’d turn into a 15-20hr/wk endeavour. Spending that same effort on my actual job would generate a much larger return, and compound over time to boot🤷‍♀️	labels:The point about ROI on time spent doing this vs working is well made. I have a hunch that I would enjoy the process, but if not, it is certainly not worth it.	episode_done:True
text:Teaching Men’s Fashion and Esntls - The Truth and honest review	labels:Bought some tees, joggers, and hoodie and the quality is so so compared to the prices.
text:who would pay more than 13 cents for a shirt anyway   I work in IT btw	labels:Depends, how many pockets does it have.
text:Oh wow. That is something.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone have tips on how to find good stuff from Poshmark and other online thrift shopping platforms?	labels:I pretty much exclusively buy second hand/ thrifted clothes as I can get MUCH better quality clothing than if I were to buy new. I tend to buy off eBay, depop and vinted. I search for the brands I live pretty frequently (just the brand name, no other filters) then see newly listed items. I regularly pick up sezane, self-portrait, COS, Claudie Pierlot items at really low prices. It helps when people don't know the brand so well (Claudie Pierlot for example- just bought a perfect condition puffer jacket RRP £350, currently on the outnet for £169...I got it for £15.) Or for example a brand new La Perla full length night dress for £20.  I think it helps that I also sell a lot, so if an item isn't quite right I sell it on.	episode_done:True
text:I told my gf that I sometimes need to take “fit pics” for dudes on the internet to watch how I dress up like some kind of cocaine cowboy.	labels:See you ~~space~~ cocaine cowboy	episode_done:True
text:MFA Brand MegaReview: Camoshita | January 23, 2021	labels:They’re coo	episode_done:True
text:I bought a few spooky ones for Halloween I am looking forward to wearing!	labels:I make my own masks and I bought a few seasonal prints. I have two Halloween ones (but I wear them all year round!) and I just picked out a pretty fall leaves one.	episode_done:True
text:Yup I love Rayon and it does not have the shedding microplastics issue since it's made from plant material	labels:Each material has their own downside. Rayon uses a lot of trees (deforestation) and the chemical process to manufacture Rayon is pretty toxic for the environment.  Meanwhile cotton is a water hungry plant that kills the dirt's health. Plastic creates micropalstics like you said. It's almost like you can't win. But if you buy secondhand or deadstock new, it slightly better cause you're not putting new money into deforesting, pesticides, toxic chemical processes and such.  Linen / flax / hemp is technically the better choice to buy new. The plants require less water than cotton and doesn't have the plastic problem. Although any farming industry that gets big enough will eventually harm the environment one way or another.  It's really the insane commercialization of any manufacturing process that's bad for the environment. There isn't really any one magic material that's not going to harm the environment when it's mass produced for millions of people to consume.	episode_done:True
text:Discussion: what does your shopping process look like?	labels:Oh dear, time to get my convoluted justification processes in words!  1. I have an itch to spend money 2. What gap do I have that I can justify, or something which needs to be replaced? 3. Research online to see how it can be worn and add to the justification 4. Search online against my favourite brands 5. Search against sales 6. If the stars align and points 4 and 5 meet, it was meant to be and I pull the trigger. If 5 can't be met, I'd muse through a bit longer 7. Be smug in my decision to buy after all that research 8. Itch scratched 9. Repeat  Sometimes I also impulse buy and then see how much I want to return the item lol.	episode_done:True
text:There is no unmarked woman	labels:Thanks for posting this, it’s given me some gender presentation things to think about.   Like, I am a trans man on r/femalefashionadvice and not on r/malefashionadvice specifically because I prefer “marked” fashion choices. The mfa subreddit is all so safe and subtle. Fashion from that approach seems to be more about price and posturing than the sort of things that interest me—cut, color, silhouette, textures, prints, all these aesthetic considerations are largely absent from male fashion.  I agree with u/sunmoonnife that class definitely plays a role here, and with OP that queer identity definitely changes one’s ability to go unmarked and adds some nuance on how marked clothing will be interpreted.	episode_done:True
text:How do you shop at TJ Maxx/Marshall’s?	labels:Short of getting a bit of insider info, I think the only way to really have success at those stores is to browse them at least once a week (probably twice).  My aunt tends to go every other day and finds some amazing stuff…because she goes *every other day*.  She says it doesn’t take her long because she’s so familiar with their stock, but it still seems exhausting to me.  (As opposed to spending three hours scrolling through Poshmark in bed every night…)
text:Does anyone else not factor in pants when creating outfits? How to move away from this?	labels:Straight or bootcut jeans are a more current look than skinny jeans. Maybe you could try changing up the silhouette first? Or if you’re craving to completely stray from your usual habits, I’d go for a trouser or carpenter pant since those also seem to be widely available and in style!	episode_done:True
text:That's fascinating! I'm checking out the images now and it seems like exactly the kind of formal wear I was thinking about: ornamental, sleek, and appropriate for the climate. Mixing it with a jacket is also an interesting hybrid. It allows you to be sensible, express your culture, and take ownership of what was essentially a British standard set on the world. I might look into exploring a combination of a guayabera with "suit" like ornamentation.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 31	labels:Hi everyone, my local Macy's (Los Angeles) stopped carrying 513 recently and Amazon/Levi's are offering only a few color options. 513 is the only jeans that fit me well, and I'm afraid Levi's is going to discontinue it. What other jeans in the same price range have a similar fit?   Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Saint Laurent has a particular aesthetic, which is *old guy trying to look like he's still young* aka "rockstar."	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I’ve been stupid happy with my big winter parka I got ~two years ago from them	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 08, 2021	labels:Just wanted to say that every time I saw an item I liked on inspiration albums and asked for ID here, the item was like over $500 and the "cheap" alternative somthing like 200-300$.   As someone  whose budget is not even close to that (I've always bought 40$ pants, 70-80$ shoes and max 100$ jackets) knowing this it's quite depressing
text:You'll Cowards Don't Even Make Inspo Albums	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What rules do you break for your body type?	labels:I’m pretty tall but I like to wear really high heels sometimes even though I tower over pretty much everyone. Sometimes people make stupid comments but I don’t care
text:What socks do you guys wear? and some advice on socks please?	labels:Day to day I mostly wear Smartwool and Balega.  They're definitely not cheap, but I've had no issues with any of my socks from those brands over years of wear.	episode_done:True
text:Something about the blundstones man, once you wear them you never go back. It’s like a cult. A sweet, sweet, comfortable and practical cult.	labels:I identified immediately thinking of my Blundstones! So funny- they’re so worth it though!	episode_done:True
text:Stay In-Vested	labels:Woo! I can’t wait to wear my down vest and then write about it LOL   This is good inspo. Sure a lot of it looks the same, but I think certain pieces require a vibe- not everything is as versatile as a loafer, but that’s okay!	episode_done:True
text:Do you think that designer brands will no longer be as sought after in the future?	labels:No. Designer brands make their living on the rich, not those buying on a budget that would switch to buy second hand or vintage.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 01, 2021	labels:One of my resolutions is to stop slacking of on cleaning. I always try to do it all at once and get overwhelmed and annoyed. I made a schedule, and queued it up to get printed and laminated at Kinko's.  I'll put it up and use it as a reference. Totally worth 2 hours of planning/design and $4 for printing. :)	episode_done:True
text:would you say they are thick?  also, looking at the site i wanted to confirm. is it $16 per single pair???	labels:Their different thicknesses, from lightest to heaviest, are;  Ultra-light, light, padded light, ultra-light cushion, light cushion, padded cushion, cushion, full cushion, extra cushion.  I use Light for everyday use, Light Cushion for hiking and general outdoorsy stuff, and Ultra-light for the warmest of days.  When I used cotton socks I had lots of pairs and threw them in the laundry basket after each use. With Darn Tough, because they are merino wool blend, i only have a few pairs of each thickness/weight that I cycle through so that they get to air out between uses. They won’t be needing washing nearly as often as cotton or synthetic socks.	episode_done:True
text:The Queen’s Gambit Inspo Album	labels:She’s so gorgeous and such a great show! 😊	episode_done:True
text:Toggles are second only to Velcro for unsexy fastenings.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Undergraduate stemlords are cringe all the way down.  ^(dae pi)	labels:you can just say stemlords it’s okay
text:Basted and teepilled	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What's an "outdated" item you still love and wear although the style has fallen out of fashion?	labels:Seems like high waisted skinnies are out, but still the most flattering thing on me..so not gonna stop with them.
text:Because America is a failing state.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:As a nerd who loves spreadsheets and financial planning, I am OBSESSED with this. I love the image of you and your sister competing for a better strategy and can imagine how prepared you were once you hit adulthood!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Military Adjacent	labels:That Patagonia (?) field jacket is rad	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone have tips on how to find good stuff from Poshmark and other online thrift shopping platforms?	labels:eBay:  - Filter by fabric content. Try searching for wool, silk, cashmere, and other nice fabrics.  - There’s a filter for vintage that’s useful for finding unique items. Also make sure to look at sizes that you may think would be too big. Vintage clothing tends to run much smaller.  - Avoid stuff labeled as “unbranded” its mostly just cheap junk mass produced in China that is heavily advertised on eBay  for some reason - Make use of the extensive filters eBay has, you can use them to find very specific items.    Poshmark:  - Sort by recently price dropped. This means the seller is really trying to get rid of the item and you can get a better price.  - Don’t be afraid to make an offer. I’ve made offers I thought the seller would never accept, but they did and I got some great items for insane deals.  - Search by key words, the filters are not as good as eBay  - You can filter by your specific sizes, but I don’t recommend this on Poshmark. The system does not work well. For example, I put my dress sizes as 4 and 6, and they only show me dresses labeled those sizes while leaving out dresses labeled small or medium.   In general for online thrifting: - Ask the seller for measurements if they aren’t posted already, and compare to clothes you have that fit well.  - Filter by size, color, or brand to find more specific items.  - Create saved searches if there’s a specific thing you want that you can’t find
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 30, 2020	labels:Is it okay to tuck a sweater into my pants if I am wearing a dress shirt under the sweater?	episode_done:True
text:“Sadd” Colors: 1620s Puritans to 2021	labels:DE BOYS	episode_done:True
text:What are your favorite colorful brands?	labels:Koi Footwear has fun bright shoes!	episode_done:True
text:Sweatshirt: I'm shocked by my purchasing decision from yesterday and needed to share	labels:The guys over at throwing fits did a podcast with Aaron Levine, a senior Vice President over there. It’s a good listen.	episode_done:True
text:Y.＆SONS A/W 2020 Contempory Mens Kimono	labels:Please and thank you! 😍😍
text:General Discussion - December 26, 2020	labels:Does anyone else here ever think about
text:Very sorry to hear that, my condolences.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How to look elegant without looking old?	labels:The two things that make women look older than their age, to my eye, are always heavy makeup and stiffly styled hair. When people avoid those, they can get away with a lot of traditionally “older” styles imo.	episode_done:True
text:Chore Coat Inspo Album	labels:Nice work!  Anybody have a lead on the black loafers in he first APC pic? Thanks—	episode_done:True
text:The South isn't "oppressively hot," so you don't need to apologize for anything! Most of this album is perfectly wearable. I live in a part of the world that is hotter year round than the American southeast, with no real winter and high humidity. People here wear pants and sleeves and long dresses, not just tank tops and shorts, because (a) who wants to limit their wardrobe to tank tops and shorts all year? and (b) sun damage is a very real thing! Some people have different tolerances for sweat or sun, but living in hot weather isn't really equivalent to living in extremely cold climates.  Not to mention, it's not suffocatingly hot at *night*. A lot of these looks which may be too warm for day (leather and velvet dresses) may be tolerable at night. Or just fine in buildings with air conditioning!  You did a good job with the album! The loose sleeves and lacy fabrics are actually pretty practical when it's warm. I wear long sleeve stuff but loose stuff because half the battle is preventing the sun from cooking you alive.	labels:That’s incredibly kind of you, I appreciate the encouragement. I guess people deal with heat their own ways! If i’m in the sun, I will wear covered clothes in natural fabrics and in relaxed fit. I hate a hot forearm exposed to the sun that goes red! Some days I don’t care to slather on sunscreen so i’ll throw a big loose denim jacket on. I’ve gotten used to it though (most everyone in my burb doesn’t like to cover up in summer and I stand out! They all have skin that tans and apparently doesn’t get burnt. Lucky Australians)
text:### Corduroy Pants	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Came here to say this!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I once saw someone here say that "falling apart in the wash" to them meant pilling, fading, and exhibiting basic signs of wear.   YOUR👏WASHING👏MACHINE👏IS👏NOT👏THE👏BASEBALL👏EATING👏DOG👏FROM👏THE👏MOVIE👏THE👏SANDLOT.	labels:I have no idea what youre saying but girl I am living  (I've never seen sandlot)	episode_done:True
text:I think it could be because skirts and dresses more easily fit a wider variety of body proportions, especially if it's mid-length and loose at the hip. With trousers and jeans you add in the factor of thigh size, calf size, rise, inseam length... more factors that can mess up the fit and be uncomfortable if you aren't "average".  Personally, unless they're very stretchy, I have never found a single pair of jeans or trousers that fit well off the rack without a lot of tailoring. Like, they are completely unwearable. So dresses and skirts are just easier from that perspective.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 03, 2020	labels:What’s the difference between brushed twill and flannel?
text:Stop Dressing For Your Height [Tim Dessaint]	labels:I’m 5’6” and not interested in trying to seem taller. I’m not at all insecure about my height. Nobody who matters cares and anyone who does care doesn’t matter to me.	episode_done:True
text:Your 2021 trend predictions?	labels:I think we'll see an adjustment on the enormous puffy sleeves and ruffles, and a trend towards fitted long-line pieces - still historically inspired but with more of an emphasis on ornamentation than on silhouette. Nods to the roaring 20s: gems, jewels, metallics continuing to be prominent; dramatic makeup; heels making a resurgence.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- November 06	labels:Could anyone point me to some style inspiration for duck canvas/camel trousers. I usually see these paired with a white t-shirt and like the look, but almost never see it styled any other way.	episode_done:True
text:From 'Doctor Who' to 'Outlander': How Fans Craft Reverse Engineer Knits	labels:Read the title, thought "they better discuss the Handsome Chris sweater", and was not disappointed.   A few people have shared their finished product on r/knitting and it is a beast. It uses 1600 to 2500 yards of yarn, depending on the size.
text:I saw a meme that US is basically like someone waiting for results of an STD test right now.	labels:Yeah, but it's the sort of thing where you're definitely peeing blood but you don't know whether it's an STD or something else. No matter what, something is fucking wrong	episode_done:True
text:Actually it didn't. It means fabric put together from sweepings and scraps, and only later came to mean terrible quality. I remember being in the men's department of one of the huge clothing stores in T Nagar in Chennai and seeing a cheap shawl that was marked x percent shoddy, the way other clothing might be 20 percent nylon.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Omg I had this exact same thing. Saved up, splurged on a few nice pieces. After my ex was done “helping” me, those fancy wool sweaters would now fit on a doll. I’m so sorry you experienced the same.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Share what are your quick tips to always look polished !	labels:I have 2 pups and have accepted that I will always have dog hair on me.   Back when I wore more business clothes, I would have separate at home and work clothes. Changed out of my work clothes as soon as I got home and into sturdier/less expensive outfits.   Also recommend keeping a lint roller in the car.   To generally look polished: add an accessory like a scarf, earrings or a necklace.   I’m also a fan of tucking shirts/sweaters.
text:> Are there long black leather trench coats that don't give off one of these vibes?  No I think you pretty much covered it. Some of them also give of a distinct SS vibe, but maybe you have that under "creepy".	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Can you build a wardrobe off Amazon?	labels:I mean H&M is a way better option and when on sale, H&M is way more affordable, some basic items from amazon are great but I’d suggest looking deeper, maybe even go for some second hand shops.	episode_done:True
text:Big Coats	labels:I'm really liking this! Good job. The early one with the checkered tweed coat is almost perfect, lacking only a little more length.	episode_done:True
text:Lookbook | +J 2020 Fall/Winter Collection | UNIQLO	labels:I love the wide sleeved puffers... might have to grab one!	episode_done:True
text:What is your ideal first date outfit?	labels:Back when I did online dating and went on lots of first dates, I tended to keep it super casual and then just have one really flashy thing. Like jeans, sneakers, solid T-shirt, and flashy chandelier earrings. Or skip earrings and wear sequin shorts instead of jeans. If they wanted to go somewhere fancy, I just always talked them down into my comfort zone (i.e. a bar where all the staff know me, at least by sight) and will try to keep me safe if I need it.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 11, 2020	labels:What’s a pea coat in the $100-200 range that works better on a shorter athletic guy? I’m 5’8” 170 with a 40 inch chest. I tried the J Crew dock pea coat in S, which was too tight (35-37) but good sleeve length (32-33), whereas the M was good in the chest (38-40) but too long in the sleeves (33-34) and especially the torso. I would get it tailored but the end of the coat would be coming close to the bottom button and look weird (the dock pea coat has an extra button and is a bit longer). Is there any peacoat that would be a 38-40 in the chest but also a 32-33 in the sleeves? Or should I just go with the traditional style (1 less button), go medium, and tailor it up?	episode_done:True
text:Styling suggestions: Have an item you don’t know how to wear? Comment here and let someone style it for you!	labels:Beret
text:I am older than most here, I suppose. When I was in high school, dresses and heels were not unusual (in the mid-late 70's). I liked the variety of clothes I was able to wear and enjoyed "dressing up" once a week or more!  In college, daily clothes were jeans, blouses, sweaters. I had one friend who dressed to the nines everyday-makeup, hair, the works.  I admired her and I wish now that I would have followed her example. I was too afraid to stand out and also too lazy! I did only what I needed to do to stay a B student. Staying up late at parties makes it hard to wake up and do your hair. She was also at the top of the class (chemical engineering) and was a talented actress. I don't think she missed out on fun, but probably didn't have as many hangovers as I did.  I never went back to "daily dressy" at work (flats and trousers in the lab), but I didn't wear jeans every day until grad school.  My message- don't be afraid to stand out! Express yourself and you will have plenty of admirers. Encourage others to do the same.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Hot Southern Gothic Summer / Inspo album / Because we needed another for 2021!	labels:Some of those looks at the end are everything! The runway model who is in the lacy cami dress with the beret and combat boots and the light blue tiered dress with the scribbles on it and the poofy sleeves!!!	episode_done:True
text:Winter staples?	labels:Thigh high socks on top of fleece tights or heat tech is an incredibly warm method I've discovered. I can wear a mini skirt in PNW winter with this.	episode_done:True
text:What did your mom teach you about fashion/style - and what did she not teach you?	labels:My mom didn’t care about fashion until she started watching What Not to Wear on tlc. Then she threw out all her embroidered sweatshirts and appliqué jeans and got some more stylish clothes. She maintained this for a few years and now that she’s in her late 60s, she wears what makes her happy- embroidered sweatshirts and appliqué jeans.   I don’t wish she taught me anything but I think if she kept a pulse on trends it would’ve saved me from some teasing in middle school. But, on the flip side, is it fun to fit in? Middle school sucks regardless.
text:Inspo Albums: Quirky Professor/Librarian, Edgy Bohemian, and Governess Chic	labels:Quirky Professor and Governess Chic are giving me LIFE. Funky and beautiful! I love how cohesive a theme each of these boards has - you could easily describe each one with a concise handful of words and still totally capture the vibe and the defining characteristics. Beautiful color choices and structural elements. Thank you for sharing!	episode_done:True
text:I love finding coats with the traditional embroidery, I feel like it lets me incorporate the style without looking boho.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:FAQ: How do I pick out my first suit for professional internships, interviews, etc.?	labels:I think that an under-discussed part of picking out a first suit for these types of things is getting out and trying them on before you buy. Being comfortable in a suit, even if it’s cheaper or in a less fashionable cut, is more important in interview settings than the eye to detail and quality that we normally discuss on here. A suit that fits in the shoulders, in a neutral color like navy or charcoal, that you know fits because you were able to try it on is way more important to your success than ordering something online that might be objectively better. Interviewers are looking for you to meet their minimum standard of professionalism, not for you to wow with with sartorial taste. Source: had a lot of interviews in college and law school.
text:Balenciaga FALL/WINTER 2021 (Afterworld: The Age of Tommorow)	labels:I'll have whatever the people that designed this lookbook are having.	episode_done:True
text:Chelsea boots under €200	labels:Loake 290s. Going 4 years strong	episode_done:True
text:Can't wait to be one of the only approved posters when the mihara caste system is put into place	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Thanksgiving Outfits	labels:Generally on Thanksgiving I go for something comfortable (tight waistbands are a big no no when you're feasting, you want something loose or flowy that can accommodate a food baby) and machine washable (in case of spills and splatters while cooking). Sleeves that can be rolled up and won't get in the way. Can't go wrong with leggings and a lightweight sweater, or a casual dress.	episode_done:True
text:Dude quarantine 20+20 over here...	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Have you had their garlic white cheddar??  It’s so amazing, but I’ve only seen it in the PNW.  I live across the country so I have it once a year when I visit a friend in WA.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Boring neutrals have been "in" for like 10 years though. Recession or not, this isn't a new development.	labels:Heck, after years of black, black & more black, the boring neutrals are comparatively colorful.   Personally, I'm thinking about wearing boring neutrals with a strong color. Like greys & beiges with a red coat/shoes/purse (or all 3). Or olives and sages with a purple.
text:Brooks Brothers's Future Looks a Lot Like Menswear’s Past	labels:* Less SKUs. The amount of stuff BB sells is overwhelming.  * Do away with there weirdly named fit system. Change it to Extra Slim, Slim, Regular, Thicc Daddies * Revamp the BB website. It's been terrible for a long time. * Have the athleisure stuff, but also focus on high quality basics, again with less SKUs. Have something like an "essentials" line. The Navy Suit. The Charcoal Suit. The OCDB. The Chino. The Wool Trouser. Without fifty million variations thereof. You go now and it's like here are three navy suits with different kinds of stretch, here are four more with some kind of temperature controlling fabric. Just give me a half to full canvas lined 100% wool navy suit in various fits and sizes. In other words, simplify your menswear line to cut down on SKUs, and that will give you more room to play with sheep on skis and stuff (i think that does sound kind of cute, very Ralph Lauren). * Do away with Golden Fleece, Red Fleece. Mainline only. Again confusing to the consumer. * Where BB could play more is in areas like sport shirts. By all means offer your classics like blackwatch etc., but other menswear shops like Sid Mashburn or Todd Snyder offer all kinds of fun prints and colors while still feeling like classic #menswear.  i dunno, just riffing my own personal desires for BB. i don't know anything about running a large clothing manufacturer and retailer.
text:It’s really hard to pull off, especially if you try to go the white jacket and jeans route. It may photograph well but in person it’s a whole different feel.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Recent Purchases - January 10, 2021	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Review - The Custom Russian Automatic Dive Watch (for less than 100 Dollars)	labels:This is extremely cool thank you	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 10, 2021	labels:Where can I buy tretorn shoes in the us. I am trying to get the "1900 jubilee" but they don't ship to the us and there is website doesn't have shoes.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - February 17, 2021	labels:Thoughts on the wearing salomons casually?  Been digging the look both aesthetically and functionally.   How do you style these properly without looking like a weirdo?	episode_done:True
text:She's done a ton of movies after Twilight that she's excellent in! And yeah she has a very cool style.	labels:I actually like the Twilight costumes. They are very wearable and makes you look really put together.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 20, 2020	labels:Looking for a nice thicker cardigan for someone who is thin and about 6 foot. Any suggestions? It's for a Christmas gift. Thank you :)	episode_done:True
text:Love her clothes!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 16, 2021	labels:/u/wuzpoppin and /u/theflavoroflife i see you 👀  grats on the modship guys!
text:General Tips To Spice Up Wardrobe	labels:Could you tell me a bit about your version of "basic and boring"? As in what you've been wearing lately? That'll help me streamline my answer. :)	episode_done:True
text:Sculptural Fashion Inspiration Album	labels:You're missing a Margiela rectangular look!  That's the first thing that comes to mind when I think of clothes that hold a specific shape.  Cool album though!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 15, 2020	labels:So, I generally think that the phrase "toxic masculinity" gets thrown around too casually nowadays but on the Facebook Red Wing group there is a seemingly weekly post by someone complaining about cuffed jeans and/or bemoaning the fact that RW Heritage are fashion boots. Inevitably the comments use the word "hipster" as an insult when it is so clearly a euphemism for "fag".    The whole thing is so gross and tiring. I guess that can be said for lots of stuff in 2020.
text:They're either incapable of understanding the basics of doing laundry that even a teenager can manage or they're lying, girl.   Any excuse to distance themselves from the poors and justify overpriced clothes because paying over $100 on a shirt means it's "better quality" than the $20 all the poors can afford. It's not.  They're just treating their cheap clothes like shit because they're cheap. The name brand stuff gets handwashed with angel tears by virgins with long hair in sundresses. Then they're surprised pikachu when the H&M sweater pills and the Sezane one does not.   Or even better, the h&m sweater is *obviously* shit because it pilled, but when your sweater is $300, pilling is suddenly "inevitable" and just use an electric shaver.	labels:Someone asked how to avoid sweaters disintegrating in the wash, so i asked what they meant, and they meant literally just pilling.  So I guess you're spitting truth lol
text:Can I see your casual natural-fabric outfits?	labels:Commenting for easy searching so I can read more of this thread later ☺️	episode_done:True
text:Le Château is closing all stores (most likely)	labels:They might be okay still! Danier went under and someone bought them and they're back. I have hope.  Montreal people will remember the outlet that was near the animal shelter downtown. I couldn't afford regular le Chateau prices, but my friends and I used would go to the outlet sometimes.  So many memories 😢
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 28, 2020	labels:Unlike a lot of people who say "I have a Hobbit body, how do I dress so I don't look like a Hobbit?" I'm tall and in decent shape, but want that Hobbit look.  My wife wants me to dress better, I dress like a lumberjack. Our compromise is somewhere between a Hobbit and and Oxford professor, with maybe some Peaky Blinders influences.  I know I should go for tweed and fall colors, bit I have so little fashion sense that I don't actually know *what* to look for. Like what are they called? Frocks? Waistcoats? Tweed longcoats? Just "linen shirts"? "Collared shirt"? Any specific kinds of suspenders?  Does this mean I gotta pay for drycleaners now? What about a tailor?
text:How to shop ThredUp and avoid the junk?	labels:Big plus one on filtering! I have a saved search of my favorite brands in my sizes in new or like new condition that I check periodically and more targeted searches like “wool and cashmere sweaters from 3 brands I like” that I use more often. Size filtering and material filtering can be the most helpful, as can brand filtering. Setting up a brand filter can take the longest but a big saved search of brands you like can help a lot in browsing.  Also plus one on payout—payout percentage increases with the dollar value of the item, and it’s so much lower effort for me to sell through them than through Poshmark. Poshmark takes forever and you have to spend so much time putting together good photos, detailed descriptions, and offers to potential buyers (plus then there’s the whole expectation of making you package cute with tissue papers and whatever to get good reviews). My time is just worth more than the additional payout I get from them. Thredup also will donate and recycle items they can’t sell, which turns it into a one stop thing for me. I will take my higher end items elsewhere for a first look, but if my local high end consignment shop won’t take it, I’ll let Thredup have a pass at it. Love the convenience factor.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 26	labels:Using this sub I really improved a lot especially in the first lockdown here in Italy, I put my head into this and started to buy some basic bastards. I’m still very disappointed of my stile tho...I have really a lack of taste and I follow some simple and very small influencer with so many nice looks, so I started to save those looks on my iPad. Now I was wondering if you have any app to suggest where I can save all the photos and maybe attach some links from sites or comments or whatever.. Probably even word is fine but maybe you have something better!
text:Purses: Real vs. Faux Leather?	labels:I can’t stand faux leather. Not for shoes, bags, clothes; anything. Plastic can start to degrade after some time (6-10 years). I had some faux leather hiking boots that turned to mush just sitting in their box in my closet. The handles on faux leather purses start to peel and the bottoms wear very fast. They simply do not hold up like leather.  I have vintage Dooney&Bourke leather bags that are 25+ years old. I keep them polished, clean and in dust bags when not in use and they look new.  If you can afford a genuine leather bag, even secondhand, it is the best choice imo.
text:I have kind of done this over the fall as well...  In the last few years I wore so much black- black shirts,  black leggings....every day.   Since I had to wear all black for work  the only nice things I bought for myself were black...  I just got so sick of it I started craving color. So I have kind of been on a spree but only for things with color, pattern, LIFE!  Life is too short to just live in neutrals	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Is Chanel going to be better off without Karl?	labels:Not as exclusive? They rose their prices by 20% this year lol.
text:Does anyone else have “irony pieces”?	labels:A long time ago, a friend at work told me no one would take me seriously as long as I wore cheapo pantyhose.  I looked down at my crappy nylons and actually felt cheap. I went to Nordtroms that night and bought presentable nylons and wore them to work the next day. She nodded in approvement and then told me no one would take me seriously as long as I wore cheap sweaters. I then bought a wildly pretty ivory cable knit sweater and wore it to work and feeling quite exactly like 1000000 bucks AND i had fancy nylons too. She told me no one would take me seriously with my unkempt shoes and that's when I learned the power of a shoe shining kit.  The next day I wore crappy slacks...and, well you know how the story goes.  To this very day I wear natty clothes and shoes so shiney they can blind fleet of Greek warriors.  The only real irony is no one gave a tootie about nylons and yet I still wear them despite all evidence to the contrary....and she threw al hers away after our company got bought out by another and they were no longer required. (I point at my perfectly appointed knees).
text:Me...on the websites :(	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Buy/Sell/Trade - November 2020	labels:I'm a size **medium** for **tops(US6)**, a size **medium** for **bottoms(US6)** and my **shoe size** ranges from **7/7.5/8.**  **USA BUYER, PAYPAL READY, IN SEARCH OF:**  **OUTERWEAR**  a tan/camel colored coat. Medium length to long preferably.  **DRESSES**  bodycon slip dresses  knit bodycon dress with a side slit  **SHOES**  wide fit pointed black shoes  small-medium heeled shoes  **TOPS**  sleeveless black thick bodysuits  folded off shoulder bodysuits  **JEWELRY**  rose gold jewelry, if earrings, drop earrings preferred  watches  **BOTTOMS**  really high waisted black or white jeggings
text:I was so crestfallen that I couldn't get my hair to do those spikey hairstyles like Lizzie Maguire and the Olsen twins. I went crazy with the tiny plastic clips though.  Also the foam platform shoes, spaghetti strap tops, and plastic jewelry. Claire's was a really important store to me back then!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Lol I tell myself I'm letting myself go because I live in pants instead of wearing a nice dress every once in a while. Sometimes in life the rules are made up and the points don't matter.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Who is your ultimate style icon?	labels:I don’t really have an ultimate icon but lately I’ve been really inspired by Costubers (Costume Youtubers) who do a lot of vintage things and clothes and stuff  like Bernadette Banner, Rachel Maksy , and Karolina Zebrowska .    I love their channels and their styles . (Even though my own style is of course different but I do want to incorporate some elements of their style into mine and make it my own because that’s what style to me kinda is I guess lol. )   Other than that nothing or no one really comes to mind.
text:What’s your favorite winter fashion staple?	labels:I found a wool midi skirt for $10 at a thrift store, and I *love* it. I feel fancy in it with an off the shoulder cashmere sweater, or comfy if I tuck a t-shirt into it. I also love Oxford heels in place of booties for a daintier look. Black tights, especially ones with subtle polka dot or other whimsical patterns, bring rompers and shorter skirts into the season. I also splurged a bit on a tailored tweed winter coat that makes me feel very put together and feminine.  I wear fleece leggings under everything; other leggings, jeans, skirts, bodysuit, doesn't matter.	episode_done:True
text:No because no color makes you look slimmer or bulkier how loose/slim a garment fits will change that more than anything but I wouldn't want a shirt that was super slim in the waist and blousey in the chest it would look off more than anything imo	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Dae get overwhelmed by fashion?	labels:Hmm....I think when it comes to feeling like you don’t fit in fashion wise, it’s helpful to realize people aren’t as aware of the details and flaws as you are, and most people probably think you look fine, or more normal than you would think. Besides that, experimenting with different cuts of clothing can be really helpful in getting started. For example, if you’ve been mostly wearing skinny jeans, you can try some more straight legged jeans with rolled cuffs and see how that looks. If you mostly wear tshirts, try tshirts in different cuts, or look for an outfit with a T-shirt on Tiktok or instagram, look for the details you like, then look for a T-shirt with similar details. Getting into fashion and finding a style involves experimenting, and starting with small changes with basics you’re already comfortable in might help with making fashion feel more natural.	episode_done:True
text:Trans-friendly fashion and brands?	labels:Have you ever thought about H&M? They do a lot of flowy dresses, especially right now in the fall transition, and if you want to wear dresses they might be great for you.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 02, 2020	labels:Looking for warm winter headwear that will still look good. I have a small head and while I already own a cotton watch cap I’m looking for something that will cover my ears too. I’ll consider anything under $100.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 29	labels:Taking a pair of pants to a tailor today. Hoping they do a good job since I have a bunch of other things I want done. I'm a little sad that the place directly across the street from me has a lot of bad reviews.  Update: They're closed today. The adventure continues tomorrow!
text:I will! Already joined. I am thrilled :)	labels:Yay. It’s like the best sub I swear. So positive and uplifting	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone invest in real jewelry?	labels:Yes. After paying for cheaper jewelry most of my life and seeing it get ruined easily, I spurgled for my first Catbird piece. Now I have 3 necklaces, 2 pairs of earrings and 2 bracelets from them (and one from an artist they stock) that are so good. I can wear them all day and night, shower in them and still they look great. I only buy the gold pieces but it's been well worth the splurge and I intend on keeping them forever.	episode_done:True
text:I've been trying to find a "modernized" aodai to wear for occasions like weddings for non-Vietnamese friends.  I've been having a hard time finding modern / trendier aodai - do you have any links or suggestions?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How to look elegant without looking old?	labels:I feel like this question gets asked a lot, and I feel like it’s never about the clothes. I checked all three of these accounts, and the outfits weren’t anything you couldn’t put together at Zara.  However, these women seem to be very tall and thin with really nice hair and Birkin bags.
text:100% on privilege. Over the past few years, I’ve slowly transitioned much of my wardrobe to natural fiber clothing (with the exception of athletic wear - but now there’s recycled options at least!). And I know it’s a privilege to do so, now that I’m further in my career. A $300 slow fashion, locally produced w/ fair wage, pasture raised wool sweater simply isn’t accessible for most. And even secondhand, it’s not cheap by any means. This is why as problematic as Everlane is as a brand, I won’t judge someone for buying a much more affordable wool cardigan there instead of from babaa, if it better fits their financial needs.  However, trends are for sure more physically accessible now than before with e-commerce and social media, for better or for worse. It’s interesting - I’m in my early 30s, so our generation was in jr high / high school just as e-commerce was starting. We were one of the first Facebook user cohorts. I grew up in a sleepy suburb that was ~2 hours from a large city. We had an OK mall, Macy’s was our fanciest department store. Whenever a girl wore something from Nordstrom’s, everyone oohed and ahhed because not only was it more expensive, but you had to be fairly privileged to travel to the city to go shopping.   I still remember our family visiting my older brother in another major city, and he took me to an Urban Outfitters store for the first time. I thought all the clothes were _so cool_ and how awesome that the people had local access to that store?? And now it’s both visually and ‘physically’ accessible through the internets (with their problems as well). In that sense, I do think it’s great - but the trade-off is the exacerbation of fast fashion with trends cycling through and consumed at lightning speed.	labels:Wow this takes me back to the first time I went to an Urban Outfitters! Still have the graphic shirt I bought from there, now with holes and no print left on the front. Hell, even Forever21 was a brand that was intriguing to the girls in my hometown because you had to have the money and time to be able to drive two hours to the mall!	episode_done:True
text:I want to say champagne, but I'd need pics to be sure.   Congratulations on what may be the first ever "which tabis are the most timeless?" question in this thread.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 28, 2020	labels:Barbour Ashby Size Small - how small is it?  Hi there,  I’ve managed to find a cheap Ashby in size small. I did some research and there are a lot of conflicting views on how the Ashby fits. Some say it’s big so go a size down - some say it’s a slimmer fit. For my frame and style again, some conflicting views when searching.   I normally wear medium or small for jackets and like a tighter fit. I’m 190lb and 6ft tall.   Does anyone have one in a small? How does it fit/ can you share pics plus your weight and height?  I also checked the pit to put and length vs one of my current jackets. It’s the same as one of my Jean jackets, which seems good.	episode_done:True
text:What is one item that you own too much of?	labels:Socks for sure. At this point I’m at like 50 pairs. Anytime a store’s running sales I’ll throw in socks if they’re discounted...it’s become a problem
text:How do you know when something doesn't fit perfectly?	labels:The most basic thing, fundamental, objective thing is if it uncomfortable or impedes your movements. Some of this you only figure out when you wear things particularly if they are too loose (too tight you usually notice faster), like tops or dresses too big their neckline might move a bit and look askew, or you step on the hem of skirts or dresses at you climb stairs. Skirts too tight might ride up, pants too tight might dig and create camel toe or the zipper give way and open...  For other things, say pant or skirt length it might be a matter of aesthetics, 5 or 10 cm lower or higher..  Probably the most important point for things to fit is the shoulders and armpits, so it does not impede movement and because outerwear, tops, etc, hangs literally from there. If fitted, the seam should be at the edge of your shoulder blade naturally.  Not everything can be altered to fit right. There might not be enough fabric for that, or it might just a design which was cut for different proportions than yours. Tailoring can do subtle tweaks, on woven fabrics (knits are harder, way harder), but the first and most important step of getting clothes which fit well is REJECTING things, lots of things, most things, almost all things. Trying many many things, being analytical so you can learn stuff (if it looks like that chances are it will loook  this other thing on my body, Brand X pants always fit me right and Brand Y pants never).
text:Revisiting Fall/Winter Favorites: N1 Deck Jackets pt2	labels:This is great jacket but some of these guys look like such dweebs in it	episode_done:True
text:People who've been working from home for most of 2020 - do you think your work style will change when you go back to the office (compared to your work wardrobe pre-lockdown)? If so, how?	labels:I still wear makeup and killer heels lol  If anything I’ll dress more extra after the pandemic because I’ve missed getting compliments on my look.	episode_done:True
text:I want to be that bada*** biCTH (Ik it's spelt wrong, it's meme bro lol sry. Plus idk if we can swear, I don't post) tl;dr at the end cuz I tend to rant :)	labels:I’m much much older than you, but I’m also a fat woman and it’s just a lot more work to find clothing that looks fashionable than it is for straight sized people, having also been thin, the difference has been shocking for me. That said, you can pull off any look you want to if you do the work! I actually find the egirl style pretty cute and I don’t think there is anything about being a fat WOC where the style wouldn’t be cute on you!  As for your family, this grinds my gears so much!!!! I’m old enough to be your mother and it makes me so sad when adults crush the creative expression of their children. You don’t have to ever fit in the box they want you to. As long as it makes you happy and you aren’t hurting anyone else, it’s your life to live and they are just clothes. If you can muster the courage to do it, have an open conversation about how your family makes you feel when they trash the style you like. Tell them it hurts and makes you struggle with self confidence in a world that already does that to fat WOC every day. I think if they get that it hurts you, they’ll stop being unsupportive.  Keep your chin up! It’s gets easier to give less of an EF what others think about you as you get older, I promise!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 08, 2020	labels:Yesterday we had in here a brief discussion on the potential impending resurgence of square toes (niche designers -> celebs -\*> big designers -> fast fashion -> regular people).  (\*you are here). Lurkers gonna be *mad*.  Upon reflection it really highlighted to me how downright insane the discourse of 10-years-ago-MFA was. Taking the square toes as examples, we had all this "teaching material" about how they were wrong, unflattering and just an all around horrible idea. With the implication that the people who make and wear square toe shoes simply don't know what they are doing.  Yeah, right. The people running one of *the* most profitable and most competitive markets simply didn't know that square toes "don't flatter your foot". They needed randos on the internet to find that out. *Insane*.
text:Do you think fashion or style has age restrictions?	labels:I'm 35 and wear crop tops and high waisted jeans. Why do so many people on this sub care so much about what others think about them? Wear trendy items, don't wear them, just stop trying to make some women "other" than you due to some fashion superiority complex. Lord.
text:the chris sweater is such a good wardrobe design choice, that shit just makes him look so expensive. and he's wearing a *white* sweater that looks that fancy at a wing place?? it screams old money	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Do You Ever See A Cute Outfit, Try To Replicate It And End Up Hating It On Yourself? How Did You Fix That? Did You Ever Get The Answer As To Why It Didn't "Look Right" On You?	labels:I’m at the upper end of straight size, and wore plus sizes for a bit a few years ago, which is where I developed this habit: if I want to see how a trend might look on me, I look up “how to style [item or trend] plus size” or “plus size ootd [item or trend]” or something like that. That way I can see if it actually looks good on people who aren’t tall and thin or if it’s one of those things where it’s designed specifically for that fashion model body type. It’s been really helpful for me in figuring out what I can and can’t “pull off.”	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 24, 2020	labels:Is StyleForum just MFA with a massive 18East boner?
text:Thoughts on jumpsuits?	labels:I love jumpsuits for all occasions. Jersey ones for lounging and silk ones for dressing up. I tend to pick jumpsuits over dresses so I have some fun prints and patterns. I used to have some rompers which I’ve mostly given up because I realized the legs got REALLY HIGH when I raised my arms.  I only kept one as a swim coverup.	episode_done:True
text:Language actually plays a huge roll in your development, but so do culture and climate.	labels:I never stated language doesn’t play a role in development. I simply stated that language doesn’t play as large a role in color preferences as OP thinks. There may be some, but I chalk it down to climate, culture, and, quite frankly, personal preferences.	episode_done:True
text:Check out @thefrugalfox_ on Instagram. She is all about thrifting, buying for your body type, and putting together outfits out of existing clothes in your closet. She is part fashion vlogger, part virtual stylist, and part wardrobe organizer.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are some stores/brands that have surprised you?	labels:Old Navy has surprised me - their athletic collection is great. Some of the best leggings I own! Also like another comment stated, Abercrombie has come back in my rotation due to their rebrand
text:General Discussion - January 04, 2021	labels:Sidebar; I've been thinking about what I/we can do to bring some light-heartedness and fun into the sub. Would anyone else have interest in a Meme Monday or similar to have one fun post to poke fun at ourselves and joke around? mfa_irl is fun but low activity, and I actually want to engage lurkers (positively).
text:When/why did you get your first really fancy purse/bag?	labels:I got my first fancy bag after calling off my wedding lol I figured it cost around the same amount as the dress I wouldn’t ever wear so why not? The woman at the LV store thought I was on drugs ... “are you celebrating something?” And I’m like as a matter of fact, yes, yes I am. I just lost a ton of money on a wedding but I dodged a bullet and left that POS. All she said was “well you can always make more money” anyway, I’m getting a Chanel bag for my next milestone birthday. Not sure which one but it’s gonna happen soon.
text:You are the ghost cliche!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What is your one clothing item that makes your life better that everyone should have?	labels:A well fitted black wool coat in a cut that flatters you. It goes with any outfit. You can dress it up or down, and on early mornings taking the kids to school or late night runs to the store you look like you have your shit together even if your sans bra and wearing 3 day old leggings.
text:Ha! The raw denim facebook group can also get pretty disgusting with that and sometimes with the gun cultists	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Feeling self-conscious with changing style around family - anyone relate? Tips?	labels: I way overdress for my family and have been for a few years. Lately they have started upping their own style for things like holidays and family hangouts which is kind of sweet. My dad once saw what I was going to wear to a restaurant with him went "SHIT" and put on a whole new outfit with nice shoes and a suprisingly hip button-down.  You may face some comments, but eventually they'll just get used to it and may even start putting more effort in themselves!
text:Wolf vs Goat Fonzie Goes to India t-shirt Review and Fit	labels:I'd be curious to hear how these hold up over time.  I bought into the WvG reddit frenzy a few years ago and got a set of tees. I've honestly been horribly underwhelmed with the quality, especially after ~6 months of light/normal use (i.e., worn once a week). They were great at first, but within one year stitching was coming undone on all the shirts. I was very disappointed in the quality especially after all the talk on reddit of how high quality WvG are.
text:Common Projects Resort Classic Review	labels:Hi if I'm a size 41 for the Bballs, is it the same size for the resorts?	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Y2K Style For Anybody!	labels:This is an amazing inspo album! Your captions and photo selections are fantastic. I love how you connected ideas around texture, color palettes, and patterns across images that I would never have thought to put together.   My next fit is definitely going to be colorful monochromatic with a neutral bag.	episode_done:True
text:What I Like is Not What I choose to wear	labels:What I like to look at and what I like to wear are not the same thing. I actually think a lot of fashion struggles come from people not understanding how to separate what they find aesthetically interesting from what meets the specific needs in their life.  When you look at a photo of an outfit, you're not *just* reacting to the outfit itself. You're also reacting to the body of the model, the styling choices (makeup and hair), and the photography decisions (the pose, the location, the lighting).   I might look at a photo and think "that person looks so cool in that outfit," but that person isn't me. I would not look that cool in that outfit because I'm a completely different person.  When I choose clothing for myself it needs to satisfy my aesthetic tastes when paired with my body and the amount of effort I'm willing to put into styling (i.e. zero), as well as suit the needs for my daily life. That's actually a limited number of options for me.   But when I am admiring an outfit or a photo, I'm not constrained by my hang ups about my body or the needs of my daily life. I can just like the outfit without having to contextualize it around myself, which is actually quite nice.  So, personally speaking, my interest in fashion isn't limited to clothing I would choose to wear. I find it's much more freeing to allow myself to enjoy fashion and outfits without always questioning whether I would like the outfit on my own body.
text:I think the fit is pretty good. The sleeves are long like you said, but you can roll up the cuff one, and the thick leather keeps the cuff pretty much in place so it's not flapping about. I also took a gamble on the size and got a medium. I measure about 37-38in in chest, 33-34 sleeve, 5'11 and about 160lbs. Definitely not the V shape athletic build, but this still fit pretty well at a medium. Overall, definitely happy with the fit as it is not too tight but also not super big on me.	labels:I have a 40 inch chest with broad shoulders, 6'0 and 180 lbs. And I got a L, which seems to be in proportion with the size M you got.  I'm pretty excited to start wearing it! I've been trying on outfits in front of my mirror this morning lol. Think it looks great over a flannel or thick denim shirt!
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 06, 2021	labels:Is it super bad if you wear a dark top and dark pants? I'm talking about polos/shirts and jeans here, nothing super fancy.  For some reason, I have tons of dark tops (well because I like dark tops) and I know I should probably get lighter jeans but I have a hard time finding them.  Anyway, what do y'all think?
text:I know right? They're far more comfortable with three eyelets too. It's almost like they intentionally design them to be annoying.	labels:I think they intentionally design them so you get fed up and go out and buy a different pair...	episode_done:True
text:I want to add: if you notice you’re cold *all the time,* that’s not normal and means you need to get better stuff.   Sincerely,  My stepmom who moved from Florida to chicago and got frostbite because she had acrylic gloves and thought having freezing hands was just part of living in the north	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Yeah. I low key hate this. Not for the gender non-conformity, but for perpetuating the notion that uncomfortable and restrictive clothing and high heeled shoes are aesthetically desirable for anyone.	labels:They're aesthetically desirable for the people who like them. There's an unfair pressure on women to wear them, but that's not the case here. This man is under no obligations to wear them; he does so for no other reason than he likes them. I also wear restrictive clothing and high heeled shoes. They're aesthetically desirable for me because I like how they look. But my wearing them doesn't obligate anyone else to, and I'd argue that a man wearing them doesn't contribute to the pressure on women to wear them (and that's the only pressure because there isn't one on men). There's no victim in this case, at least not the way you're framing it.	episode_done:True
text:I was SO surprised when I came to this sub and thread comment after thread focused on purging, and capsule wardrobes, and minimalism. As some one who regularly keeps articles of clothing for 7+ years by caring for it well I just Do Not Relate and also do not want to!	labels:On the point about caring for clothing, I do NOT understand when people post about clothing disintegrating in the wash. Like. How is that even happening?!
text:I mean, again, to me “the common sense” is less saturated, not bluer	labels:	episode_done:True
text:World's Fashion Brands Leave Workers & Factories Unpaid, Amid COVID-19.	labels:We've always known that fashion brands do terrible stuff.  Like any big capitalistic company.  Just add it to the pile, no one is gonna do anything.	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: No-Nonsense Professional Stately Fantasy Princess	labels:Umm yes all of this. So two requests: 1) Do you have a Pinterest board I can follow?  2) where can I shop to look like this all the time?	episode_done:True
text:I’d probably do   - unstructured sport coat with pattern or texture in something like dark burgundy or deeper green as an alternative to blue - shirt, pick what color you want - wool pants with some more texture or pattern, eg. a chalk stripe flannel or something. I think a medium gray would be the move here and would pair well with just about any jacket.  - tie and pocket square optional, I probably wouldn’t as it could come across as stuffy. Could do a square with no tie. - shoes id keep *slightly* more casual; maybe a chelsea boot or a penny loafer or something. You’re a creative director so show some creativity.  If you want some inspiration look at stuff like Drake’s, Boglioli, or Eleventy.  It would not hurt to bring two jackets, or if you decide to wear a tie, two ties, to the shoot in case one photographs drastically better.   Look a little creative but don’t add a bunch of accessories so it doesn’t look like you’re trying too hard.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Overhauling my wardrobe with lasting pieces	labels:You probably need to up your jacket budget. If you’re buying for a decade you probably want it to be a good one, if you mean overcoat/leather jacket. I don’t know your style. If you mean something outdoorsy or athletic look at Patagonia Nano-Puff	episode_done:True
text:Do you: 1) keep all of your wardrobe equally diverse, or 2) keep all of your wardrobe minimal, or 3) keep some pieces relatively similar while diversifying others?	labels:The majority of my closet follows the capsule wardrobe mentality. Colours are black, white, tan, navy & stripes. Mix of tops and bottoms that generally work well with each other for mixing it up.  I live in a hot climate as well so am slowing swapping all my fast fashion over to linen clothes as they fall apart.  My only exception to this capsule wardrobe are my bohemian, flowy, colourful print dresses (brand is Jaase if anyone wants to know) that are great for the beach, pool or hot weather. No need to pair these with anything as they are dresses. But outside of this, I stick to my standard capsule wardrobe :)	episode_done:True
text:Teach me how to successfully shop secondhand please!! Or just commiserate if it’s hard for you too lol.	labels:I do pretty well at smaller, “high-end” consignment stores and I **love** getting a good deal.  * Pay attention to fabrics. A lot of brands make nice clothes in cheap fabrics. To me, this defeats the purpose of buying from “fancy” brands.  * Have an idea of what you want before you go shopping, but be open to other options. I love coats and have gotten two great coats on consignment when I was really there to check out the shoes. It’s also a good idea to shop for items that are out of season but that aren’t so trendy that you won’t feel like wearing them when the right season rolls around. Now would be a great time to shop for boots, for example (assuming you’re in the northern hemisphere).  * If you’re comfortable shopping in person during these crazy times, try stuff on! Even if the fit isn’t perfect, trying stuff on can help you see which areas may need to be tailored. If you’re getting a garment that retails for $700 on consignment for less than $100, spending a bit of money on tailoring is still a bargain.  * Be patient! I got a very cute pair of heeled loafers by Bally after searching for a proper pair of heeled loafers for MONTHS. Persistence is key!	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 23, 2020	labels:Can anyone recommend a warm fleece hoodie under $40?
text:General Discussion - November 12, 2020	labels:Y'all ever have brands that you really admire conceptually and aesthetically, but you just can't imagine integrating into actually WEARING them? I've been looking back at Hamcus and I love the concept of designing clothing around scifi worldbuilding, but it's REALLY hard imagining myself wearing basically anything they produce.
text:Reliable brands to buy in South America - Americans your opinions please!	labels:There's Oriba, they sell some good quality stuff for a decent price. OCBDs, linen shirts, pima cotton, all without any branding.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 23, 2020	labels:Thoughts/opinions on brooks brothers outerwear? Primarily wool such as a pea coat or duffle coat.	episode_done:True
text:I completely agree. The crepe sole is comfy but gets dirty as fuck after wearing the shoes just a few times.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Effortless style - let's exchange tips and tricks	labels:Gonna weigh in for the fatties, nothing looks effortless, just sloppy and like you haven’t showered in 3 weeks unless you’ve put in a maximum amount of effort into well fitting clothes, hair , nails, makeup , shoes and accessories. Every. Single. Day.  But I don’t have time for that BS.
text:Thoughts on ski / apres ski style?	labels:Nordic sweaters; thermal tights, warm big boots and a Love Your Melon style hat (or as the Canadians say, toque)! Not only can you actually wear Nordic sweaters elsewhere (as opposed to body suits)  but they scream apres ski to me	episode_done:True
text:I think the lululemon ABC pants would work.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:In general it’s still a good place to get started, I look back being much further along in my style journey and still use a lot of the things I learned with the BB. That being said, I don’t think anyone here agrees that it’s infallible. In casual dress there are inherently no rules, rather things that might be better than something else. So just know that the BB is a starting point but is by no means perfect.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge Announcement: Corduroy	labels:ayyyyyyyyyyyyyy	episode_done:True
text:I'm currently 30 weeks pregnant... It is absolutely terrifying	labels:	episode_done:True
text:14k gold is costume jewelry to Indian moms!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:2020 in a nutshell.   (This was the one year I decided not to get a planner. Also the one year I really wanted a dog. Settled for a snail instead and you know what? I am very happy with my snail.)	labels:Snail tax plz	episode_done:True
text:Well it's not all sold out yet, so... Hurry, I guess.	labels:I don’t got that drakes money :(
text:Be careful with cheap rings like those, they'll stain your fingers green. I don't think there's any danger of it damaging your clothes, it's just annoying when after a couple of wears the silver has worn off and your fingers are a mess for a few days. Nothing wrong if you're just trying out styles though.  I went on a bit of a rings binge last year and have been thinking of putting together an inspo album from the various Instagrams I've collected.	labels:Interested	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: 6 Degrees of Separation	labels:I really liked the outfits posted, and like another user said (can’t remember where), the participation was great as there wasn’t a specific theme of dress, instead you could wear whatever you wanted. Lots of great outfits.   Out of the posted list, I’d like to see more of the themes where the poster has more control — like items under $50, or most expensive outfit. I also like the madras pattern one (/r/NavyBlazer on suicide watch).
text:No Cop / No (New) Jawnz January: Mid-month Check-In	labels:I’ll be honest, no jawn January. Not a fan. But my bank account is a fan so I’ll try to stay resolute
text:One leg at a time?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 15, 2020	labels:Is there a Eurpean Alternative for Huckberry?	episode_done:True
text:Show me your fall boots!	labels:Can’t decide between doc martens and blundstones! I live In California so weather isn’t really a consideration. Anyone with experience have thoughts?	episode_done:True
text:Congratulations!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What trousers do people wear these days?	labels:I'm struggling to find pants for work in a traditional business casual.office. it seems like everything is cropped (brr!!) and I'm not into overly baggy. I just want usual straight or bootleg trousers in a comfortable fabric and navy/black/camel colors.
text:General Discussion - January 14, 2021	labels:The mental gymnastics people go through to explain how their $5000 PC set up is actually objectively valuable and any clothing over $50 isn’t would be funny if it wasn’t so predictable
text:And then the bottom torn bit catches on the edge of the stairs as you're running to gym and you wind up ugly falling right in front of your crush.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Can I see your casual natural-fabric outfits?	labels:Not a full outfit, but as someone with ADHD sensory issues I live in natural fibers, especially cotton that's all comfy. My go tos right now are t-shirts from Mate the label, definitely on the pricy side but with how many washes they last I think they're worth it. They've got joggers but I've never tried them, but if they're as comfy as the t shirts they'll be great.	episode_done:True
text:A Bespoke Shirtmaker On How A Shirt Should Fit	labels:Surely it would have been a good idea to have pictures of how a shirt should fit, without a jacket covering it, in an article about How A Shirt Should Fit, no?
text:From 'Doctor Who' to 'Outlander': How Fans Craft Reverse Engineer Knits	labels:Thanks for sharing this article! I've been knitting for over 20 years, and I would love to try my hand at some replica design, I just have to get through more of my queue and stash first.   I'm always excited when pop culture knits inspire more people to get into knitting. I've found taking this step to make my own socks and accessories to be eye opening about the value of garments and clothing. And as one of the interviewed knitters said, it is very fun to chose different fibers and yarn weights to make exactly what you want in the project.
text:Jeans: Recommendations and Reviews	labels:Honestly I think you have to give way more detail on your old pair and what you’re looking for.  In my mind the biggest hurdle to perfect jeans is the fit, and since every body is different this is highly individual. Some people might prefer stretchier denim for a more forgiving fit, while others look for stiffer fabric, and have less leeway.   Personally I still struggle to find a high rise, non cropped, fits my thighs and waist, plain dark wash, straight/skinny, 90% or more cotton, pair of jeans. But hopefully I’ll find it eventually!
text:Is anyone into MBTI? Do you feel like your fashion preferences align with your personality type?	labels:At one point on the INTP subreddit everyone was talking about how they wish they could wear a cape without it being seen as weird. I would interpret the INTP relationship to fashion as a little bit more nuanced than "drab and careless". I think the common theme is that INTPs don't generally care what others think - and so that can manifest on a spectrum from "wears whatever because does not care about their appearance at all" to "wears completely outlandish things because they care about their appearance but do not care at all what others think of it".      As an INTP myself I fall somewhere between the two. Like... I *want* fashion to be a higher priority for me, but when it comes down to it my attitude is more often just "whatever" because social pressure to look good  doesn't register to me nearly as much as it could.
text:Permanent Style - The Cold-Colour Capsule	labels:The “temperature ” of one’s wardrobe is something I’ve never considered. This article adds another dimension on how to dress. Brilliant.	episode_done:True
text:Dressing larger bodies - without looking sloppy	labels:i’m not sure what body shape yours leans to but if you’re pear shaped, i find what works for me is if i have something that is straight all the way down then i like a more triangular shape so that it doesn’t sit at the thickest part of me and make me look bigger than i am. i’ve also done well with bell silhouettes (widens at the hips and narrows at the thighs)	episode_done:True
text:2020 Wardrobe Data Analysis	labels:LOVE THIS. I'm all about wardrobe analysis, and I will be applying some of your techniques to my own closet. Particularly the color tracking! Thanks for sharing!	episode_done:True
text:Best and Worst Purchases of 2020?	labels:best: viridi anne leather jacket. i got one in nice used condition for $100 and i love the fit and color of it and it's nice to have something that will last me for years  worst: harsh and cruel button up. i don't mind cheap ass Chinese shit and their other stuff i actually liked but i don't know when i am ever going to wear this and i can't really sell it lol	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: The Most Important Item in your Shopping Cart	labels:This thread is brought to you by the $600 dress I purchased to get out of paying $8 in shipping.   There just wasn't anything else I wanted at the store, okay?????????
text:What was your "how in the name of all that is holy did this end up in a thrift store" find?	labels:It’s less about the value of the item and more about the stars aligning perfectly.  I wear a size 12-13W shoe, plus other things that make my feet really hard to fit, so I am used to buying formalwear to match the one maybe two pairs of formal shoes I own at any given time.  So when I was 17 and going to prom in 2006, my mom tried really hard to help me find shoes, any shoes, that were suitable. But we could only find casual flats or runners, and I realllly wanted to dress up nicely for the first real time in my life. So she said “you know what, let’s buy a dress and then we will just have to find a way.”  So I picked out a black and pale pink dress that just made me swoon, and I figured black heels would be easiest to find. Lol I was so young and stupid.  Anyway we searched high and low right up until the week of prom, we drove to the US from Canada and looked there and I still couldn’t find a pair of heels that fit enough to buy and I decided I’d just wear uncomfy like always and deal with it.   Then I randomly walked into a thrift store and saw on the shoe rack a pair of pink heels in the exact shade of pink on my dress, with black trim. Picked them up, size 12W. They fit like they were made for me.   Wore them until they broke three years ago.
text:Ordered from Shoe The Bear (rant, experience in post)	labels:Bastards. Send out a wring product and then have the gall to blame you.	episode_done:True
text:I always vote... Never once got a sticker.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Back to School - a Dark(ish) Academia Inspired Style Album	labels:I love this style and I'm going to wear it out for as long as the weather will allow.  TY	episode_done:True
text:Fall 2020 Fit Battle Voting - Round 2	labels:Chunsak vs DangerG	episode_done:True
text:Is anyone dressing up this year for Halloween?	labels:I wore my pink power ranger sweatshirt out hiking with my dog. I wanted to be the pink ranger as a kid but my mom refused to buy me the costume. So now that I’m an adult I get to be the pink ranger, every year.
text:True. It's a weird and wonderful world.	labels:Truly :)	episode_done:True
text:!mfaquicklinks bb  I need to make this bot smarter. Even I can't remember the key words.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Sculptural Fashion Inspiration Album	labels:i wouldve bet my life i was in r/mfacirclejerk	episode_done:True
text:Have your clothing purchases dramatically dropped now that we can't go anywhere?	labels:My clothing purchases are basically zero, while my skin, hair, and nail care purchases have gone way up.	episode_done:True
text:It was not an investment piece.  Maybe a great return on investment?  I would spend that $3 again for sure tho.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Do you follow the conventional rules around "flattering your figure?"	labels:I've written about this before, but as someone who is 5'2 on a good day, I have stopped giving a shit about looking "longer and leaner."  In fact, I reject the idea that I should want to look taller. Maybe all those 5'7 women should be taking advice on how to make their legs look as stubby as mine. <--Obviously a joke but to make a point. How stupid is it that I should feel like my natural body is something to correct?  I'm an old woman, lol, and over the course of my life I have never found that my stubby legs (that I was once self-conscious about) have kept me from career advancement or from finding people who thought I was beautiful and wanted to have sex with me, so what's the freaking problem?  Fuck conventional figure flattery.  That being said, of course there are things I think look better on me than other things and I tend to wear the things I think look better in ways I think look better most of the time.  Except when the comfort or beauty of a garment is so outstanding it overrules that.  Thanks for coming to my TED talk.  There are cookies on the table in the back.
text:^ This girl knows things...	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Nike Among Many Brands Lobbying Against Xinjiang Forced Labor Bill	labels:The US Chamber of Commerce is involved in opposition? The position is unsurprising but why are they involved? I thought they were just a right-wing group that deals with small businesses?
text:Shinies From the Past - or, What to do with Gifts from Past Relationships?	labels:Your wounds may still be fresh; even if it was a mutual breakup there are lingering emotions.   This is a different take, but why not put it in storage for a little while until you can heal?  If you really like the jewelry in an aesthetic sense there is no reason to get rid of it. When my first real boyfriend and I broke up (mutual but messy) I put some gifts he gave me in my memory box and didn't touch it for years. More than enough time has passed for those emotions to mellow and now I can look at those memories as something sweet and valuable in my past without any romantic connotations.
text:Why even the pandemic couldn’t kill fast fashion	labels:Cuz poeple cant afford $50 fair trade tee shirts and designer jeans while unemployed.
text:Also love my Proper Cloth ones, although they always manage to get seriously mangled in the wash.  I also like United Stock Dry Goods chambray mask, it’s not the tightest fitting, but I keep it as my just in case/drive through window/etc mask	labels:I only handwash mine	episode_done:True
text:Trying to get into jewelry	labels:Maybe somehow diffrent approach but I’d go thrifting or dive into old family boxes. Thinking about my collection, my most unique pieces I got from 2nd hand	episode_done:True
text:Left behind in 2013	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Patina	labels:Pastina
text:There are some pretty wild McQueen shows. Like the one with the spinning white dress at the end. Or the one where the set gets !accidentally! lit on fire and they just kept on.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Hats - discussion	labels:My "hat energy" was tied to one particular style of hat.  A pink one with cat ears that was popularized by an event.
text:WEEKLY DEALZ	labels:I am still reeling from the Nordstrom rack sales on Everlane items. They are so good. The sneakers are really good quality for 19 bucks, and I do see sizes come back, if you check daily. I bought a pair for myself and a pair for my friend.  I also bought a few clothing items that is taking forever to ship though. I might cancel some of them and wait out the rest. I mean, 30ish bucks for dresses/jumpsuits and 40s for cashmere is a pretty good deal, and it's not like Everlane's style is gonna change much. They sell the same shit year in and year out.
text:How many handbags do you have and which one is your most used?	labels:I have 8 handbags. The two I use most often are the Celine Nano and Chanel Gabrielle Hobo. Both of these styles are super practical.	episode_done:True
text:I feel like delicate flowers would grow from the concrete wherever he walked	labels:We made eye contact and I felt my very soul shudder	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Hoodies	labels:Cords in first pic?
text:You raise good points, but I’m going to respectfully disagree - I don’t think there’s ever any valid excuse to buy from a company who openly profits from exploitative third world labour. We can all do better.   Sustainable fashion is expensive, yes. But *usually* buying quality clothing is cheaper in the long run than buying lots of cheap stuff (I know this is easier said than done for people living hand to mouth).   Secondly there are options that don’t exploit people. Namely second hand shops and Depop. I guarantee - no matter what the item is - someone’s already bought it or something VERY similar and wants to get rid of it. Even when I have money I buy from there because... why wouldn’t you?   The “what about poor people” argument always gets made but it just doesn’t sit right with me. What about the people who are being paid 40p a day in sweltering and unsafe Bangladeshi factories? Factories that are dumping toxic dyes into water sources? We all have a responsibility not to perpetuate the monolithic success of these horrible fast fashion conglomerates.	labels:Absolutely agree u/librarygirl. Second hand/preloved/‘vintage’, whatever it goes by atm, is cheaper than new, better quality and ethical.   I have definitely been through periods where I’m calculating every penny and in those times I have bought ‘fast fashion’. And it’s always been terrible quality/fit, made me feel self conscious that it looks ‘cheap’ and I always wished I’d mended or styled up something I already had rather than wasted my money.   It’s part of a bigger problem though, and I would not blame anyone for doing the same.	episode_done:True
text:I learned this this hard way. My friend hangs everything, so I figured I’d give it a go. I ruined so many knits.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Thanks. I want to fight my screen now	labels:	episode_done:True
text:WAYWT - January 11, 2021	labels:Rainbow peacock feather abs cheetah print leggings, Adidas sneakers, wife beater, black zip up hoodie.	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge Announcement: 6 Degrees of Separation - REMINDER	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Have you ever gotten tons of compliments on something but are still on the fence?	labels:I’d agree that personal comfort is the big thing.    I’d also pay attention to the content of the compliment. “That’s a cool sweater” is NOT the same thing as “you look great in that sweater”, KWIM?   Sometimes people are appreciating the design or color or novelty of an item and not the big picture of how it works for you.
text:What are the pros and cons of dressing the way that you do?	labels:Well, I'm a lesbian with long hair and traditionally feminine clothes.   Pro: People assume I'm straight. This means I don't get the constant judgment that comes with looking visibly queer (unlike my fiancée, who we joke is a "50 footer" because you can tell she's a lesbian from 50 feet away). I work in healthcare and live in a politically mixed area, and everyone is automatically friendly to me.   Con: People assume I'm straight. So if I mention my fiancée people assume she's male, and if her pronouns come up I have to have this whole awkward interaction where (at best) they go "Oh--she??? Ohhhhh" and then look me up and down, awkwardly change the subject or ask me invasive questions, and stop being so friendly with me. Also, men hit on me, and women never hit on me.
text:How to wear nice casual clothes with a cotton allergy?	labels:Have you tried looking for clothing made out of hemp or linen? You can find casual tshirts and whatnot that are 100% hemp fabric. You can also find causal shoes that are hemp (i have an older pair of Adidas that are 100% hemp fabric uppers). Plenty made out of leather as well.  Do you have a budget for clothes? A lot of companies that use these alternative materials are considered "premium" brands and carry their price tags accordingly.
text:Anyone like wearing traditional clothing from you culture?	labels:If I could incorporate more ankara prints in my wardrobe I would! I love the bright colors! It would be really great to see some that are in a flattering yet casual style, as a lot of the anakara are seen in formal wear or styles I wouldn't really wear often (such as long dresses or puff sleeves)	episode_done:True
text:2020 Fall Fit Battle - Final Four - Results and Discussion	labels:Long live Chunsak. My EG king.	episode_done:True
text:Fall/winter shoe trends: what's your dream wishlist?	labels:Ever since I watched mad men, I’ve been dying for a pair of white go-go boots but I can’t figure out how to make them work without looking too costume-y!!!
text:Which higher end brands do you find to be "worth it" and for what?	labels:Tillamook cheese... for the white cheddar.  Edit: Oops, did see which sub I was in... umm... I think Loft is good, clothes last and always seem well made. I like the skirts.
text:My aunt gave me her wooden parrot earrings!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Favourite places to get your fall wool fix?	labels:Don’t forget to check out thrift stores. This is where I stock up on cashmere sweaters for a few dollars a piece, wool skirts, kilts, sweaters, vests, and cardigans, and amazing wool blazers and coats. I’ve found mint condition mohair and camel hair 3/4 coats for as low as $10, black cashmere sweaters for $2-3 and up, and cable knit pullovers for as low as $4. It’s amazing what people get rid of, not realizing how expensive it all is new. I also loooove wool in the fall and winter, and so this has been a super affordable way to build a dream cold-weather wardrobe.   The only thing wool I buy new are socks for the most part, everything else I’ve found at estate sales, garage sales, and thrift shops. When/if you go, definitely go through the boys and men’s departments, too. A bit of tailoring can make anything look custom like some of the pieces on Walker Slater maybe.
text:Tips for reducing impulse buying/careless spending?	labels:Download a budgeting app so you can visualize what you're spending and get alerts if you're overspending in a certain category. Or if you want to put in more effort, make your own spreadsheet.   If you want to be hardcore, you could make a separate debit card that is ONLY for non-necessity expenses--and fill that every month with $XX   -----  Also, don't buy stuff for the future or imaginary events. When I was younger and just earning my own pocket cash, I'd buy fancy dresses that I literally had no occasion to wear, just because they looked good on me lol. They weren't expensive, but they were unnecessary expenses.    Buy stuff when you need it. Only exception being CRAZY good deals on stuff you will actually need.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - February 14, 2021	labels:Hey guys, first time poster. I’m wondering if anyone has any recommendations for the best places to shop for tall, athletically built men? I am 6’4” and about 195 lbs. I have a decently muscular build (nothing crazy), and as such I like outfits that accentuate my frame. I generally find that drop cut shirts work well for me. Being as tall as I am, I often have difficulty finding pants (36” inseam, ~32/33 inch waist). I usually go for jeans/pants on the slimmer side. Anyways, I’m mainly just looking to see if anyone with a similar build has had success finding outfits anywhere in particular. Thanks!	episode_done:True
text:Aimé Leon Dore for Drake's F/W 2020 Lookbook	labels:The patchwork scarf 👀  That price tag 👀👀👀👀👀👀👀	episode_done:True
text:Guidi Leather Tannery Family History, Interview	labels:when will r se a vil cut a pair open? i’d love to hear his dumbass take on guidi  i actually didn’t realize it was a family name and family owned this whole time  also 792v will always be on my list but i will never find the energy to purchase them even if i have the money
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 26	labels:Hello all, first time poster here.  I am looking for two things. 1. Ballcap brands similar to Ebbets Field, ideally easily-sourced/not too pricey on shipping to the UK. 2. T-shirts similar to those of Knickerbocker MFG, I love the designs and material of their t-shirts but they only have a handful out, I especially love their 'milk' coloured t-shirts. Anyone aware of brands that make similar top quality t-shirts with off white/beige options?  Hope this was clear 😄 Thanks in advance.	episode_done:True
text:Advanced Fit Pic Techniques	labels:- Focal Length: 50mm (on an APS-C sensor). That’s pretty long and I basically have my camera set up at the other end of the room.  - Aperture: Usually f/4.  - Lighting: midday at a north-facing window. Gives a very bright, blueish hue that brings out black clothes quite well imho.  - Background: just what I have in that corner of the room. The wall there happens to be painted in a metallic blue which might help with the lighting. I’d prefer white, but I’m not going to repaint for taking fitpics.  - Angle: I keep the lens pretty much at navel height. I think that gives the most neutral representation of the fit.  - Editing: The camera is sometimes having trouble computing the correct exposure for an all black fit (I have it on shutter priority because lazy). I usually play with the curves tool in post to get the textures right.  FWIW, my camera is an ancient Nikon D90. It still outperforms a modern smartphone, but it’s getting pretty close.	episode_done:True
text:The White Issue: Has Anna Wintour’s Diversity Push Come Too Late?	labels:I wonder why the diversity question only comes up when it’s majority white, nobody seems to have a problem with company’s or people who go out of their way to promote everything that isn’t white. Since when was simply being white or Eurocentric offensive?
text:Psychological & personal reasons for impulse buying	labels:Yeah, I shop a lot because I'm usually sad and it feels like new items will fix that somehow, or make people miraculously like me more. I'm aware that it doesn't work like that, but I love dressing up as a "new me" every day and I easily get bored... but that's just mental issues :/  With autism and me identifying as queer and all, I'm not exactly popular and there isn't one version of me I'd consider the real me, which makes it even more difficult. "The real me" fluctuates day by day, and so do my outfit preferences. I often buy things impulsively that I WILL love for quite some time, but never on two subsequent days, for example. I've been mocked for this, but I've still found I'm happiest like this, with my crazy big wardrobe and tons of different styles.
text:Natural Fibres	labels:Afends is another Australian brand that make hemp and cotton clothing.	episode_done:True
text:Riches to rags: The myth of sustainable fashion (The Financial Times).	labels:I hate this trend. I've always looked for "sustainable" t-shirts when shopping (EU) and it was hard to find stuff like that as we are small country with small market for these types of clothes. Now I can look at Zalando (major online distributor) and the cheapest low quality fast fashion brand has t-shirt with sustainable tag for 10€ more than regular one. Like do you think I'm stupid, I'm not gonna buy sustainable t-shirt from fast fashion brand that clearly doesn't care one bit for sustainable quality clothing and only uses it as marketing word/tag making it totally worthless.
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge Announcement: 6 Degrees of Separation	labels:Holy hell what a novel theme thread idea. I'm very excited!	episode_done:True
text:Technical/Labwear but make it fashion	labels:I've been working on construction sites for for years, and I've found that my work wear influences my fashion sense more than my fashion sense influences my workwear  I'd say the only influence fashion has on my workwear is cut. I wear skinny carpenter's jeans and make sure that my shirts, jackets, and high viz vest are all fitted at the waist. This is mostly so I don't look like a child, though, and less about fashion  I wear quality boots to work every day, so now I tend to buy my fun shoes from places prioritize comfort, weatherproofing, and sole grip. Less ASOS, more Sorel  I love Dovetail jeans, which have taught me the joys of a pocket for every tool. Now, my favorite purse is a crossbody wallet from Duluth because it has slots for all my cards and cash and two pockets that are perfect for my phone and my facemask.  Basically, construction has taught me to prioritize dressing practically so I can live my best life without digging for shit deep in a massive purse while dying in uncomfortable shoes. I've got shit to do and my belongings are not gonna hold me back!	episode_done:True
text:General Tips To Spice Up Wardrobe	labels:I agree with the commenter below to work what you already have in different ways. A lot of people think they need a new wardrobe or a lot of new items, but really it's often just wearing things they already have differently. This can also help with deciding what you do really need to get the look you want also. Definitely look for outfit inspiration if you feel stuck with ideas.	episode_done:True
text:Balenciaga FALL/WINTER 2021 (Afterworld: The Age of Tommorow)	labels:Lololololol this concept is cool but the collection is soo bad its scary. The cringe styling and try hard clashing themes are pure comedy. I needed a good laugh, thank you Denma for this monstrosity lolol	episode_done:True
text:I’ll chime in here, I LOVE everything I’ve bought from Skims. Such high quality, I have shapewear, bras, undies and pajamas from them and I love them all !	labels:Would you say the shape wear is true to size??  I’ve seen people post about it saying they got their size and it’s tiny! But obviously it’s shape wear and molds to your body I’m assuming?
text:A peacoat is a specific type of wool coat. It is derived from the military pea coat and will be double-breasted, if navy or charcoal wool (usually thick wool-nylon or pure wool), be thigh length,  tonal buttons, slightly curved collar iirc.   A duffle cost I can’t remember the specifics but I think has a good and toggle buttons? Could be wrong.  A trench is a raincoat, generally cotton or at least not wool, usually tan, doubtle breasted, belted, mid thigh or knee length.  Top coat and overcoat are generally pretty interchangeable iirc longer wool coats , single breasted, wool. A lot of variety under those terms but usually a top coat is intended to be worn over a suit iirc.   Different manufacturers will use a lot of these terms interchangeably which can be confusing.	labels:thank you for the detailed response!	episode_done:True
text:How much was your most expensive fashion item and when or how often do you wear it?	labels:My most expensive items are my Native American Turquoise jewelry and my cowboy boots. Just purchased a huge $900 squash blossom necklace and have worn it constantly. My boots range from $30 for a secondhand pair to $750 for custom made and none are worn more or less than the others.  When my mother passed, she was 88. I went to clean out her closet and drawers and found so many lovely things that were carefully boxed away or wrapped in tissue that she was “saving for good”. Ironically, “good” apparently never came as these things went unused.  I decided right then to never do that. Every day is special and I am worth taking the time to look and feel special even if I’m just out running errands.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- November 05	labels:Hey everyone. I'm a 20-year old who has never worked a corporate/formal job, those which require attire like suits and dress shirts.  All of my previous work experience has been for smaller businesses, like 10 employees or so. This new company I'm working at (starting Friday; tomorrow), has anywhere from 50-100 employees. I'm working as an eCommerce Specialist with \~3 years of experience.  I genuinely don't know how to dress. For anyone who has spare time and any interest, I would really appreciate your insight.  I think I naturally default to dressing as if I worked at a start-up. Hoodies, outerwear, bombers. I pretty much always have a yellow Herschel backpack on.  Instagram: (@)vitaisolana	episode_done:True
text:I will be checking the guides (I didn't know there were some) as soon as I can!     About my hair, I think that I will go and ask advice to a professional when the lockdown is over. Thanks a lot!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Sweet, sounds like you’ve got 20+ sources of inspiration for the next one.   I’ll be interested to see what your take on this is.	labels:Ohh brother, but I don't post, not my thing. I do also dress too boring to fit in among the regulars here. Maybe one day.
text:General Discussion - January 07, 2021	labels:I raise a glass of wine tonight in honour of my father, may he rest in peace. It was as peaceful and painless as we could have wished for.
text:The article now has this correction at the bottom:   Correction: A previous version of this article said Thom Browne dressed Billy Porter for the 2019 Oscars. Porter wore Christian Siriano. (5 October 2020)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Autumn Headwear | The Styleforum Journal	labels:Those pictures make me really want a beret. I don't know if I'd look as good as the author, who really makes it his own. But, I guess you never know until you commit to trying it.
text:I support your statement. They never look good on anyone.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Prior to the interview for my most recent job, knowing it was a casual work environment, i straight up *asked* them what I should wear for the in-person portion of the interview so as not to be over or under dressed.  My now team leader told me she appreciated that I was thoughtful enough to ask the question. She recommended the more casual end of business casual.  So that echoes your sentiment that a suit shouldn’t be the default.	labels:I second asking if in doubt. Remember that your interview to write code in silicon valley will have a different expectation than your interview to trade currency on wall street. I've had a few candidates ask and I tell them ... I wouldn't care if you showed up in a tshirt though I'd recommend against it because others may care, but "one step up" is a decent rule of thumb and for my industry and area that means nice pants and shirt, no tie etc, is fine to interview.   I don't care if someone is overdressed either but I've twice interviewed candidates who showed up in suits who really should not have; one due to obvious discomfort and one due to that _and_ such horrendously low quality that my $3 tshirt looked good in comparison.	episode_done:True
text:Appreciate you too. It's been...not as difficult as we had initially feared, for us. We socialize but are not extroverted, and I had already been essentially WFH for a year pre-COVID, as I had been on fellowship and did not have any teaching responsibilities. We haven't been able to spend this much time being around each other since I started my program, so that was really nice. It's also been really nice being around a bunch of people here who are actually mostly decent folks.	labels:I’m glad stuff has been good for you and that you’re able to spend a lot of time with your SO!! :)	episode_done:True
text:Kaptain Sunshine Fall/Winter 2020	labels:What's the green jacket in #8?	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 28	labels:I'm at the end of my rope when looking for polo shirts. So please can anyone help me find polos within this criteria? Pique, 3 buttons, no logo or pocket, in navy, gray and white, and not above $60 per shirt. PLEASE SEND HELP.	episode_done:True
text:I'd expect closings from Sears and JC Penny's...  I'm wondering how bad the carnage will be when this is over. I have not gone in person, just googled and found out they are closed.  Early in the pandemic, they were lenient. I wanted to return an item and at the time, the store was still in the mall but they were not open so I couldn't return. I returned by mail and they refunded me the shipping costs.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Food Inspired	labels:Some really creative fits for such an open-ended theme. Nice job everyone	episode_done:True
text:Women who have revamped your entire wardrobe — how did that go? What is your advice for the rest of us?	labels:Can I just ask why “as few pieces as possible” is the goal and not, say, “every piece in my wardrobe has a clear function or two, and sometimes that function is ‘because I feel like it’ or ‘because sequins make me happy?’”  A wardrobe you like is one that lets you be properly equipped for everything in your life and gives you a nice little aesthetic pick-me-up while you do it.   Before even shopping, I’d say: Look at your life. What do you do at work? What do you do in the community for volunteer work? How’s your social life? Are you outdoorsy? Do you have messy hobbies? Do your hobbies include going out to clubs and live shows and festivals? How often are you running meetings, speaking with elected officials, serving on committees? How often are you attending religious services, religious rites of passage, or big-deal family events like weddings?  Start with taking an inventory of your time and what you need your closet to do to help you be as prepared as possible for how you spend that time. Identify the holes in your working wardrobe, like “I need a good outfit for going to funerals” or “I need a warm weather first-day-at-the-new-job look.” Then you can settle questions of personal style, budget and what items fit more than one situation in your life.
text:>What does creep me out is you would not want to be caught in any type of fire related emergency while wearing the majority of fast fashion synthetics because they will melt into your skin and make burns worse.   This! I always think of this scenario when considering polyester and why I decided not to wear it if I can help it!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What did your mom teach you about fashion/style - and what did she not teach you?	labels:If I picture my mom's typical winter outfit it was a sweater with snakes wearing sombreros and margaritas embroidered on it, a burgundy "sweater jacket" with fringe, and a pink/orange/green bucket purse.*  So I guess she taught me "fuck it, wear what you want", but it did take me a while to adopt that attitude.   *tbf, this was a look for moms in the 90s
text:Have people in your are eschewed down parkas for puffer jackets instead?	labels:I'm in New England, it hasn't gotten cold enough yet for parkas. Though as I type this I can hear some icy rain hit the windows. But with the students gone I'm not seeing large amounts of people like I used to.	episode_done:True
text:On Wednesdays We Wear Pink	labels:Oops I am wearing pink today! (Pink is a staple color for me.) There were some really good coats! I am jealous.	episode_done:True
text:The Evolution of My Style As a a 21 Year Old Hijabi	labels:Love your eye for color and texture, and how you mix up traditional elegance with touches of street style! Thank you for this. Now I need a mauve/dusty rose skirt, too!	episode_done:True
text:Using Pinterest to Help Find Your Style (or: how to tell Pinterest it is no longer 2012)	labels:I shall pin this now, read later. Looks usefull.💆‍♀️	episode_done:True
text:Not to potentially feed a new addiction but if u snoop around on ZenMarket most of these Magazines go for sub $10, Popeye especially is like $2-5 a pop, I’ve bought magazines for less than a dollar lol	labels:Very cool! Thanks for this recommendation	episode_done:True
text:What clothing items have you reverted back to since WFH/quarantine?	labels:I've really been embracing dressing more youthful. I'm in my early/mid 20s, and now that I've worked a couple years at the same place, I'm wearing more what I want than boring professional. I also started caring about what I wear and planning my outfits. Velvet shoes, corduroy overalls, rainbow prints, sequins, bold colors. Who cares? I've been called out for dressing "fancy" before, but I've stopped giving a shit in correlation with my confidence in my abilities. I'm a teacher...if anything, I'm showing the students it's okay to be yourself and take risks.
text:Hey go ahead and post it, I've been a bit busy and forgot about it to be honest.	labels:Cool! Just didnt want to step on any toes if I revived it. Thanks, mang.
text:I have an extensive collection of (mostly-thrifted) cashmere and wool (seriously, it's a problem and I'm trying to get rid of part of it before I move). Although I have never had moths, I'm paranoid about them. I use a vodka/filtered water/lavender/cedar/mint/other herbs essential oil spray instead of mothballs, because I hate the smell of the chemicals. (I actually just bought a secondhand vintage cashmere sweater that absolutely reeked if mothballs, and I had to wash it, soak it in vinegar, air it out outside, and spray with the vodka solution to deodorize it). Does anybody else have experience with this? I don’t actually know if the spray actually works to repel moths, but I wash all my sweaters in lavender baby shampoo before storing them, so that may also help since moths are attracted to human odors/food stains.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Inspiration has to come from somewhere: Skulls and Bones	labels:needs more prodigy from mobb deep	episode_done:True
text:Really hope the labor board does something about it. What borough was it in?   People are fucked. My friends and I (mostly me) do deep dives on weird/fucked up forums and there is some heinous shit out there. Like, ACTIVE forums talking about wild shit.   My friend’s dad is from what used to be Rhodesia. I wasn’t aware that it was a WP symbol. Thanks for the head’s up. Nother thing to look out for.	labels:It was in the garment district. And yeah, the surface web is underrated as a truly vile place. This forum in particular I forwarded to bellingcat since it seems like there's probably several war criminals active on it. Your friend's dad is from Zimbabwe? or does he consider himself a "Rhodesian Expat"? If it's the latter, that's a pretty big red flag (even though a lot of white "Rhodesians" were genuinely not racist people and mere victims of circumstance and the extensive media blackout by Smith's government, anyone who identifies as a Rhodesian is sus to me). Rhodesia is an insane (and totally depressing) story, but yeah the Rhodesian flag has been rising in popularity over the last couple years as a white nationalist symbol, specifically because of its relative obscurity to the general public. I'm a conflict history/general history nerd and one of my obsessive hobbies is tracking right wing extremism around the world, which is the only reason I recognized it when the order came in.
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Hoodies	labels:Feeling down, looking away from the camera. is that part of the aesthetic?
text:It's the River Trek Jacket from a Japanese brand called South 2 West 8. I believe it's from the FW17 collection.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:>I think he means tonally neutral, bland, desaturated colors  I would argue that’s what cold means, while blue is generally cold, I don’t think cold means “more blue”, it’s more about the relative saturation and intensity of the color, basically you have to judge what makes a certain color warm or cold totally in comparison to other similar shades, not as a general sliding scale of “brown is warm, blue is cold, always”, though, like I said this is all a semi useable way of describing it.  Going back to the audio examples, I always see vinyl described as sounding “warmer” than digital, when I first heard albums I knew on vinyl my first reaction was “wow that sounds really different”, immediately followed by “wow, I _definitely_ wouldn’t describe that as warmer”, so, I do get the confusion	labels:Kelvin scale?	episode_done:True
text:I’ve heard that low rise jeans are flattering on me, but that’s absolutely false. I have a short torso and gain all my weight around my stomach and it just gives me the worst muffin top and emphasizes my rectangular body. No thank you. I’m down with the cooler toned eyeshadows (I feel like warm tones have had their moment) and slip dresses and layers and even sequins, but low rise jeans? I draw the line there.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:[Inspiration] Florals are such a mood	labels:Florals for fall?   Groundbreaking.	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for these national brands!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone else wear one brand only?	labels:I felt that way about lululemon when I took the plunge last January and bought my first pair of leggings. About 50 lululemon pieces later (and lots of money spent) I don't really feel the urge to add new items to my lululemon collection.  Lululemon is best for lounging or going to the gym so lately I've been more focused on buying cool clothes I can wear to work. I have been buying a lot of aritzia, zara, and h&m to fill the office clothes void though.	episode_done:True
text:This is such good advice!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Only one or two very basic models and before shipping and taxes. OP said 3k but he was pushing it a bit. I think if they had said something like 2k it would be hard to tell them they are wrong.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Uniqlo U 2021 SS Lookbook	labels:It's...fine.	episode_done:True
text:How do you challenge yourself?	labels:Whenever I challenge myself to wear something different it usually ends up not being worn. Some may call my style stagnant but I do upgrade my classics so that they don't look dated.  I'm one of those crazies that loves fashion yet prefers to stay invisible in her preppy, black/navy/grey/white uniform.	episode_done:True
text:Let's talk about sneakers	labels:I think Common Projects and Veja sneakers are very in! Both are more of a sleek leather sneaker and I most commonly see people wearing them in white.
text:Have you ever gotten tons of compliments on something but are still on the fence?	labels:I've kept things like this a little longer due to people's compliments, or tried a little harder to sync them with my wardrobe in a way that I like better, but the vast majority of the time I end up donating or ceasing to wear the item in the end anyway.   Ultimately, aside from overarching situational appropriateness, other people's thoughts about my clothing choices (positive OR negative) have very little impact on my style and like you, my key motivator is my own comfort and confidence.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - February 15, 2021	labels:Covid has been super rough for me cause I’m a Pretty extroverted dude. This place has been great for allowing me to interact with people. Just wanted to say thank all of you for being so welcoming and putting up with my weird lil ass. I really do think this forum is special and I wouldn’t change a thing if I could. Every one of you is my homie. Love you all.
text:Why is it gimmicky?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Unusual inspirations	labels:Jean Luc Picard's flowy deep v tunics are a huge casual style inspiration to me
text:What is your most worn accessories?	labels:All matching metals jewelry (I have a signature gold set, and signature silver set). I love really great facemasks and matching scrunchies.	episode_done:True
text:Styling suggestions: Have an item you don’t know how to wear? Comment here and let someone style it for you!	labels:Chinos would look good with these and a nice knitted jumper
text:Hats - discussion	labels:My "hat energy" translates to "college kid who skateboards and/or plays hacky sack." As in, I have an entire drawer full of knit beanies (both fitted and slouchy) that I cycle between. I have one in almost every color, some with pompoms, one with my first initial embroidered on, one Nike with a gold metal Nike emblem sewn on, some thin and others thick and chunky. I love beanies of all kind and will never part with my collection. I used to have a couple other random hats, like a straw fedora and a black and white printed sun hat, but they never seemed to mesh well with my fashion sense and I ended up getting rid of them to free up space for... more beanies.	episode_done:True
text:For Veterans Day (US): Military-Inspired Inspo	labels:going to need all the info on slide 3's pants and sweater.	episode_done:True
text:Rugby Union is a middle and upper class sport associated with fee paying schools in England (and Scotland to some extent).  The working class version is Rugby League. There was a schism in the late 1800s over the payment of wages to players and the dominance of London and the South East of England in the RFU. The working class sport went in an entirely different direction.   Union is the prominent version in culture, and the big money one too and a lot of English support and players still come from the wealthy South East and private fee paying schools.  Slightly different in Wales where we kept playing Union, and it's essentially our national sport and very working class but we're an outlier in the UK on that.  Of course, Ireland (and Ulster) is even more complicated because of, well, the sectarian thing.  But rugby shirts tend to get seen heavily around the big Spring and Autumn tournaments and worn by a very particular kind of English man (and Scotsman, Welshman etc), that is both a class thing and also a kind of macho laddish thing. Here in Wales rugby culture is heavy drinking, men down the club thing and not exactly friendly to women, LGBT etc.  There's also the national thing, Wales' single greatest sporting achievement in my lifetime in popular culture probably isn't winning the Tour de France or making it really far in euro 2016. It's knocking England out of the rugby world cup they were hosting at their home stadium. We all love to hate England rugby fans too. The England rugby team represent a lot of what the Welsh resent about England for lots of reasons.  When we were in Japan for the World Cup last year I thought my wife was going to tear apart the loud England fan who was supporting Fiji over us three seats away.	labels:I don’t really follow rugby that well but it is weird to read that it’s an upper class sport as a New Zealander. Over here there’s definitely no class barrier to it, similarly to how you describe Wales. We also love to beat England.
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Layering	labels:Flux’s Guidi hoodie is a grail for me ngl man, that thing is so tight	episode_done:True
text:You raise good points, but I’m going to respectfully disagree - I don’t think there’s ever any valid excuse to buy from a company who openly profits from exploitative third world labour. We can all do better.   Sustainable fashion is expensive, yes. But *usually* buying quality clothing is cheaper in the long run than buying lots of cheap stuff (I know this is easier said than done for people living hand to mouth).   Secondly there are options that don’t exploit people. Namely second hand shops and Depop. I guarantee - no matter what the item is - someone’s already bought it or something VERY similar and wants to get rid of it. Even when I have money I buy from there because... why wouldn’t you?   The “what about poor people” argument always gets made but it just doesn’t sit right with me. What about the people who are being paid 40p a day in sweltering and unsafe Bangladeshi factories? Factories that are dumping toxic dyes into water sources? We all have a responsibility not to perpetuate the monolithic success of these horrible fast fashion conglomerates.	labels:I guess if you haven't been on this situation it is hard to see.  For years I couldn't even spend 10€ on a t-shirt nor a jean more than once a year. Literally all my clothes were a few (or a lot) years old or given by the neighbors (so they fitted me badly or weren't to my liking but I was appreciative either way). Not only they were old, but they absolutely *looked* old.  So yes, when I discovered Aliexpress, I did some shopping there. Not a lot, but at least I could finally get some new shoes and pullovers and not look miserable anymore. I could finally buy panties and some bras (even though I never found any bra that fits). Now that I can afford it, I try to be more sustainable with my shopping decisions, but until two years ago, it was impossible.  Also, higher prices doesn't necessarily mean more sustainable. Fast fashion is everywhere and I kid you not, I bought a pullover on Aliexpress that had a Zara tag and a few weeks after receiving it, this same pullover was sold on Zara for thrice the price. Even self-proclaimed sustainable brands have done some shit in their production.  Some people can't spend more money on clothing. If you can afford it, yes, try to avoid fast fashion as much as possible, but let's understand that this is a privilege not everybody can afford.
text:Thanksgiving Outfits	labels:My uniform for thanksgiving tends to be a nice sweater with a necklace paired with leggings so i can eat all day long and not be uncomfortable, but still look decent doing it. But this year it may very well be pjs since nobody is coming over :(
text:What are some differences between stereotypical Millennial and Gen Z fashion/aesthetics?	labels:I associate Gen Z fashion with crop tops and sweatpants, so yeah it makes sense that people in their 30's buying expensive ethical clothes aren't going for the sporty spice look.
text:Category is: Pants on the Runway - Inspo Album	labels:Great album. Love pants!	episode_done:True
text:This was the case in the 50s and 60s as well, but at the time, high quality clothing was more common, sewing skills were more common, clothes were expected to last longer, and the general public had a better understanding of what good-quality clothing looks like; people bought Chanel expecting quality construction, of course, but the main appeal of buying from a prominent Parisian fashion house was knowing that anything Chanel made would be in fashion for the upcoming years.  \- But my question is how can fashion labels go back to this vision right here?	labels:When the people who buy Chanel products start caring about the thread count and style of hem finish used in their clothing, then Chanel will have to start caring about that as well.  But as long as they can sell cheaper clothes for the same price, then it would be silly to expect them to 'go back' to having higher business expenses.  So, really, you're asking for a societal change.  I think we're seeing more pushback against fast/disposable fashion in general, but we'll have to wait and see if that really takes off enough to the point where it changes rich peoples' buying habits.   There is that other issue, though:  \>  the main appeal of buying from a prominent Parisian fashion house was knowing that anything Chanel made would be in fashion for the upcoming years.  That depends on there being distinct fashion trends, and on people feeling compelled to follow them.  In the 50s and 60s, women had to comply with fashion trends in order to be accepted and respected within society.  Personally I'm quite glad that this is ~~no longer~~ less the case, but... well, now that it's less important to be on trend, it's also less valuable to be on trend.   Is it still worth paying thousands more dollars for a garment to be in style when nobody cares and the styles will change in a few months anyway?  If trends don't matter, then what is the point of shopping with a trendsetting brand?  Are brands like Chanel literally just depending on their customers buying solely for the sake of the label?  I guess that's another thing where we'll just have to wait and see if/how fast fashion destroys itself.  Maybe trends will regain some influence if they slow down, or maybe the trend bus will finally explode and people will just scatter into a multitude of alt fashions.  Either way I think there's a possibility for luxury brands to reestablish some sort of high style niche, but I would not expect (or want) them to have the same sort of leadership influence that they did in the 50s.
text:General Discussion - October 30	labels:just wanna give a quick shout out to the guys who call me Ethan on here, bc my username is incredibly cringey lol
text:Funny question	labels:A silk racer back dress that I can wear with a jean jacket and converse or with a blazer and heels.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 10, 2021	labels:Can someone help me with my fashion? 26 Alopecia (bald with no facial hair, eyebrows) Pale.  &#x200B;  How can I make the best of the unfortunate hand I have been dealt?  These are the things I have been thinking about so far:  \-Bulk up(currently 180, 6ft)  \-subtle tanning lotion?  \-buy more suitable glasses frames.  \-Wear dark colors (black, blue, grey, Navy)  \-get bold accessories like tattoos or rings/necklaces/hats/scarves  \-footwear? I have no fucking clue.  Where do I even start? Any advice would be amazing!	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 29	labels:I have been buying Levi’s for years, but I feel the quality has really gone downhill the last couple years and a pair of jeans seems to fall apart in 6 months time. I am a bigger guy 6’2” and about 260 pounds and have always worn the 511 style with a 38 waist and a 32 length. I work in higher end retail and I wear these pants almost everyday so I need something that will look professional in the fashion industry and also hold up. I’m willing to spend more money (trying to stay under $250, but if I can get a few years out of the pants it’s worth it). I’m in Williamsburg Brooklyn, let me know if there are some brands, if I should go with a custom made fit, or if there are some boutiques you would recommend.	episode_done:True
text:I assumed more than just the length would be off, if it's just the length I'll go ahead and hem them! Thanks!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Just singing the praises of wool	labels:Natural fibers are the way to go. Polyester, nylon, acetate, blech. Might as well walk around wearing a plastic bag. Natural fibers are environmentally better in the long run. Know what rots? Cotton. Know what doesn't? Polyester.   I love wool, cotton, linen, natural silk when I can get it.	episode_done:True
text:I did exactly that. Though I should point out several women were interested as well, who at my workplace they generally don't wear shoes with laces. People asking questions about why, thinking about it, coming back to me with insightful comments later.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Balenciaga FALL/WINTER 2021 (Afterworld: The Age of Tommorow)	labels:Obligatory Demna is trash
text:Can I see your casual natural-fabric outfits?	labels:I’m a big fan of rayon/bamboo t-shirts. They have a lovely loose flow to them and are quite light for the summer	episode_done:True
text:What is your "White Whale" fashion product that apparently doesn't exist?	labels:Decent homewear. Especially robes that aren't bathrobes nor these dainty fragile satin/chiffon thingies. Something cozy enough to set up shop on your couch in, that won't break on the first scoot, actually keep your arms warm.   In loungewear there's apparently four types with no middle ground: For mothers-formerly-known-as-women,  for girls, for seduction purposes only, and Jeff Lebowski.
text:Fashion to help your changing body and lifestyle?	labels:Me!! I am currently working through this - I actually created this new account specifically for FFA so I can feel more comfortable sharing outfits. 3 years ago I left a creative job to become a stay at home mom, and since then I had another baby and have been all over the place size-wise. Pre-kids I had a very defined personal style and was really connected to my local arts community and my wardrobe reflected that.   Now I’m kind of in a lost place (after two bouts of post-parting depression, the last one clearing up right as the pandemic started) and I have no idea how to integrate my personal style into my “new” lifestyle.   Currently I’m working on uploading my entire wardrobe to StyleBook, to hopefully track what I’m wearing every day to find trends so that I can clear out things I don’t wear or that don’t fit. I’ve also started browsing Pinterest and Instagram a lot more to encourage myself to wear things other than sweats every day. Even though I’m at home with two toddlers all the time, I think I feel better about myself when I put on real clothes that fit and make me feel happy!   I have a long way to go but you’re not alone!	episode_done:True
text:Yes! Completely relate - sometimes I’ll just sit at my closet and run my fingers on everything to calm myself	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Synthetics in Our Wardrobe	labels:Rayon is made from cellulose, a plant based fibre  While yes, polyester is a synthetic   It seemd the less synthetics worn and used the better, as yes fibre shedding in the wash is an issue.  It is proven, that synthetics will grow a bacterium, that cottons, linen, wools, canvas etc will not. So you need to wash synthetics more. As everyone knows from gym clothes and swimwear.  Plus the cling and static of synthetics not so nice.  Also synthetics textiles used for so many textile things around us daily life, that aren’t clothing, but were we are adding them in rubbish all the time and they pollution, and materials that won’t breakdown.  So choosing more natural fibre clothing helps balance out our excess use of synthetic fibres in day to day life, and feels better on body.
text:2020 Fall Fit Battle - Championship - Discussion	labels:Previous discussion threads had the "Fit Battle" flair. Any reason for the change?	episode_done:True
text:People who made out like a bandit during COVID-19 sales, what gems have you picked up?	labels:I got 2 boxes of 100 hangers and bottom hangers for 50 cents.
text:I genuinely believe that all this pointless talk of suing states and the scotus and whatnot keeps them calm for now and by the time these are all seen through there won't be mass energy anymore for serious rioting.  (M Night Shyamalan twist: Rudy is secretly working to keep things peaceful by keeping the cultists occupied with his weird legal theorising.)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Fashion Favorites	labels:Silk shirts <3   Sometimes if I'm having a particularly anxious day I'll just go stand in my closet and *touch everything.* It soothes me.
text:Has anyone just said screw it and focused more on fit than color scheme for your outfits? What's an unlikely color combination that you ended up loving?	labels:I hated denim on denim. But just yesterday, I tried it on out of desperation for an easy outfit, and I ascended. Thy is now the master of denim denim
text:What are your fashion tips for looking good on Zoom?	labels:I think it's all in camera placement and lighting.  Have the camera at eye level or slightly above it. My laptop webcam was at a seriously unflattering angle, even when propped up. I just got a webcam that I put on my main monitor and the angle alone makes me look 10x better.   Get a light source behind your camera that's pointed at your face. Get a ring light if you can. Play around with desk lamps. If you have 2 lamps, try placing them behind the camera, one on each side of you. If you have 1, try placing it behind the camera pointed directly at you, try to bounce the light off the wall, etc. If you're sitting with your back to a window, close your blinds.  What color is your desk chair? Don't wear a shirt that's the same color. Other than that, I think anything goes with respect to fashion. You only really see like 10% of the person's top on videos.  Makeup wise, I like to wipe my face with an oil-blotting sheet to make sure I'm not shiny, lots of blush and bronzer, and  a YLBB shiny lip balm.	episode_done:True
text:Even as a fairly advanced skier I would still not go out without waterproof gear. Unless you’re close enough to the hills to only ski perfect weather, there’s a pretty good chance it will be snowing for at least some of your trips. I would hate to be shivering on a lift with wet gear!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I’ve actually thought a lot about who I’m trying to impress with the logo and the short answer is, I don’t really know. None of my main circle would care either way. The longer answer is I think I’m really trying to impress myself. Maybe show to myself that I’m successful and can afford it? Show myself I worked hard for it and was able to attain it because I wanted it? I don’t know it’s a tough question which is why I struggle on if the bag is worth the cost even if I can afford it.	labels:It's ok if the goal no longer fits. That idea of what success looked like when you started probably doesn't match up with what you now see as success. Not buying something is often just as, if not MORE powerful than buying something. Being able to say, "I could, but I don't want to." is a huge change of perspective.	episode_done:True
text:Fit Battle Round 2 - Side by side	labels:Thanks!	episode_done:True
text:How have you been doing your shopping since Covid?	labels:Online only/curbside pickup for the most part. I went inside into a fancy boutique once a few weeks ago because I was walking by and saw a dress in the window I had to have (plus they were having like a 50%-70% (but final) sale. But I was in and out in maybe 10 mins.  Almost all of the clothing stores I frequent have a website or even an instagram. In fact, one of them managed to get “online” really fast with just instagram posts and call to order. I’m still very much supporting my local stores in that I’ll order online and pickup and try them on at home and return if it doesn’t work. I’m a bit more selective in trying clothes now in that I’ll only try things that I’m certain I will purchase if they fit. But my purchases have increased a lot due to COVID sales.	episode_done:True
text:Buy you coward, I want to see EG turtle	labels:May grab a Bedford/loiter jacket from them v v soon	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 31, 2020	labels:Holy shit MF DOOM might be dead what the fuck?
text:WEEKLY DEALZ	labels:That Saturday is Small Business Saturday, I know Etsy and many small businesses will be running sales and specials!	episode_done:True
text:Overview of Comme des Garçons Homme Plus, Spring/Summer 1990	labels:Subbed. And that's coming from a girl	episode_done:True
text:I made this effort a couple years ago and it was life changing. It started with me silently observing and thinking nice things about people, but then it turned into me telling total strangers they look baller and it just brings so much joy into the world. Even if you just do the silent-to-self thing, it alters one’s outlook and I think makes one kinder.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 10, 2020	labels:**Jamieson Shetland Sweaters**   I'm successively (re-) building my wardrobe around the themes of responsibility and (scandinavian) minimalism. That for me is: Few high quality items that are made ethically and sustainably and work well together to achieve the aforementioned aesthetic. Currently I'm in the market for a somewhat textured but simple grey wool crew-neck-sweater for fall and warmer winter days, preferably made in Europe. I have been looking at Harleys, Howlin, Sunspel and Jamieson's and have a tendency for the latter because of them as far as I know being actually made completely on the Shetland Isles. Now for my two questions:   1. Jamiesons's is the most affordable of these brands (which is not a priority for me but also does not hurt ofc). Do any of you have experience with their quality, longevity, fit etc.? How do they compare to the other brands?   2. Would you go for a light grey (their "Granite") or a medium-dark grey (their "slate") for maximum versatility in the context of scandinavian minimalism?   Thanks :) I'm quite new to the MFA community and enjoy it a lot!	episode_done:True
text:Thrifting lovers, what are your favorite thrift stores?	labels:For me - I love value village especially when they had their 50% everything sale days. For some reason the Goodwill's in my area are really expensive (not sure if it's a regional thing or not - but I often find shoes there that are close to retail price	episode_done:True
text:What female TV characters do you think are well-styled and worthy of imitation?	labels:Villanelle in Killing Eve
text:Black Friday Sale/Deal List 2020	labels:Carhartt WIP has sale - up to 60% off select items	episode_done:True
text:I bought a gorgeous teal wedding kaftan with matching floor length vest and beaded waist belt in Morocco. It was really unique from all the others as it was much more understated and all the beadwork was also done with teal beads (different from most which have a lot of gold accents). I was particularly proud because I bargained down to 450 dirhams or around $45 for it.   Wore it once in Jardin Majorelle but without the floor length waist coat but was so excited to wear that piece with western clothes. Was even considering wearing it at my wedding.  Well, we make it back to a hostel in Madrid and since I can’t sleep, I take a little thc tincture to help put me to sleep. Well, I wake up high, 5 min before checkout and obviously, since my bag is quite full with gifts and Moroccan goodies now, my clothes are having a hard time fitting, so naturally, I put MY FAVORITE REFORMATION OUTFIT AND NEW MOROCCAN GOWN IN A PLASTIC BAG AND TIE IT TO THE OUTSIDE OF MY BACKPACK.   As we’re walking through the train to go to Seville, I realize that, SURPRISE!, bag is no longer attached and I lost it somewhere on the walk.   Obviously we called the hostel but it wasn’t there...3 hour train ride with my fiancé was SILENT. I don’t think I’ve ever been more angry and everytime I looked at that backpack for days it would make so angry.   Teal Kaftan, please know how sorry I am and how much I miss you.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Thank you!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Order two sets for when you inevitably break some   (I may be projecting after breaking my favourite shot glass this evening)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Teaching Men’s Fashion and Esntls - The Truth and honest review	labels:So is he actually producing these or is he rebranding like most other youtubers?   The shirts are ok but a bit pricey so it might be worth going straight to source.
text:I agree with you 100%. The sleeve thing, gaiters, and video game style collar things are a recipe for disaster. Maybe the aesthetic is possible to pull off, but it would require very high quality pieces and someone who is really good at this kind of thing. It's one of those, if you need to ask for advice, there is no way you could pull it off scenarios. As terrible as it is, I'd probably chuckle if I saw someone wearing any of those accessories at a bar or something. I'm just picturing someone alone at a dive drinking some shitty (or very oddly expensive for the bar) single malt whisky alone approaching random people and trying to talk about outdated philosophers. Even just the high rise pants look seems very intimidating to me. I'm always very impressed by the people on MFA who pull it off. It seems like one of those things where if you pull it off you look incredibly fashionable, but if you fuck it up just a little you end up looking  wholly ridiculous.	labels:What the hell is "Outdated philosopher" supposed to mean lol
text:As I wait to hear if I have to evacuate due to CA wildfires, here’s a hypothetical I had to do: you have time to prepare before your evacuation and pack up your car. What clothes do you bring and why?	labels:I would take my Starter 49ers jacket that my late grandma bought from Candlestick Park in the 80s first. That is irreplaceable and even though I only wear it to special football games I would cry over that jacket more than any other item. Her brown faux fur coat would be next. My "sentimental/valuable" jewelry collection (I'd pawn it if I had to), my black gypsy skirt that looks like moths have eaten the bottom from it snagging on things (it's survived me for 10 years, I ain't giving up on her yet), my made-in-Ireland hand-knit emerald green wool sweater, this ridiculously comfortable yet loud romper that I'm conveniently already wearing, my purple shawl, my lucky Lucky jeans, my space boot Doc Martens and my snow leopard Spirit Hood.  It's a weird list that doesn't seem to go together, but that's what comes to mind first. I've kept these items for years despite all my style changes and wardrobe rehauls. I could (and probably will) replace everything else eventually.  I hope you and your house stays safe - I'm in Cali too, gratefully far enough to not worry about having to evacuate but close enough to watch the ash falling like snow. I'm praying for you.	episode_done:True
text:Inspiration has to come from somewhere: Skulls and Bones	labels:!mfaimagebot 16  That and the other Yohji looks are fucking phenomenal. Doot doot 💀💀	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone else hate literally everything they put on?	labels:Yes....basically because I have no idea what my styler is currently. My daughter says boho, and I see that to some extent but I kind of prefer leggings, just leggings all around.  I used to always dress up and now I’m like blahhhh...don’t care. These shorts are riding up my arse- don’t care.  You said camel toe is at full attention - still don’t care.  I feel like a slob but thankfully trying to find my old self .... that old me that wore heals.  Fancy	episode_done:True
text:Dream Unconventional/ Unrealistic Fashion Accessories- Discussion	labels:I honestly wish it were anywhere near acceptable to wear my academic regalia in real life. I've got some beautiful robes and headgear that cost me dearly! The felt mortarboard isn't bad, but the velvet tam is where it's at...if you want to look like a renaissance explorer, anyway.  I also once saw somewhere a huge necklace in the form of a jeweled fried egg. I think it would go with everything.	episode_done:True
text:Southern hemisphere ladies where do you get inspo from?	labels:I'm not in the southern hemisphere but I just wanted to add that YouTube can also be a helpful resource if you don't want to use Instagram!	episode_done:True
text:20 Sweaters for Less Than $150, So You Can Achieve Peak Coziness - Esquire.com	labels:In my experience, sweaters are one of the few garments where there's a noticeable increase in quality as you spend more money.  Cheaper sweaters are noticeably thinner (both the threads and the sweater itself), which don't keep you as warm and don't last as long.   The good news is that there are some great options for getting high quality sweaters at low prices if you're willing to shop secondhand. For $150 you can find a gently used sweaters from Ines Meain and IMO that's a much better purchase than most of the cotton and fine merino wool sweaters listed in this article.
text:Organizing Closet: Help!	labels:>	This system seems okay to me, but I don't really know how to differentiate each category based on function. For example, with the system I work with now, button-downs I wear in formal situations are currently grouped with tops I wear in informal situations AND workout-tops I wear for exercising. And this stresses me out so, so much. Then there's the issue of how effective my groupings are; like, should crop tops be with tank tops? Or maybe they're more like tees? And how do I deal with seasonal clothes?   You’re way overthinking it. You don’t have to be so strict about the categories or follow a plan to a T. Do what feels natural/right to you. If it doesn’t end up working, change it. It’s not set in stone.   1.	How do you mentally construct an outfit?  I would use those groupings because that’s what you already gravitate to. I personally sort by general type, then seasonality or formality. For example, my dresses/pants are split into formal (eg cocktail dress and up) and everything else. Within those subgroups, I sort by color.  Skirts are only sorted by color. Tops are split into sleeveless/short sleeved/long sleeved (3/4 sleeves go here), and those groups are subsorted by color.  Workout/swimwear/PJs/sweaters/underwear/socks/leggings/bras are their own categories that get dedicated drawer sections for their specific groups.  2.	Crop tops would be sorted by sleeves with other tops.  3.	worn but not dirty clothes go on a purposely dedicated row of hooks the wall (basically a fancy coat hook array that you might see in an entryway).  I’ve done this since I was a child and recommend.	episode_done:True
text:I think one of the big reasons is that it's frequently "referenced" and "updated" in ways that vary from obnoxious to ugly, often with a sort of contempt.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Share what are your quick tips to always look polished !	labels:Red lipstick, mascara, smoothing hair with a wet comb, and some big ass statement earrings   One of our cats is solid black and the other is mostly black so we lucked out I guess.	episode_done:True
text:Tips for easily looking more modern/in style?	labels:Get them accesories. Layering thin but different shapes chains, hoops and rings!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 27, 2020	labels:Hot take: speaking from experience, fetishistically optimizing the most basic of basics (e.g. "the best plain white t-shirt") for maximum imagined value is not a meaningful nor worthwhile exercise. Your wardrobe is not more interesting because your white tee is better than another white tee, and by the time you've found the 'perfect' piece either the prevailing trend or your own preferences will probably have changed.  'Perfect tee' threads are usually highly-upvoted, but the answers have drawn from the same pool for the last goddamn decade:  - *Vintage/workwear (generally heavier, boxier, shorter):* 3sixteen, Buzz Rickson's, Lady White Co. - *Streetwear (generally lighter, slimmer, longer):* Reigning Champ, wings + horns, John Elliott - *"Normal" (somewhere in the middle)*: Naked & Famous, Arket, American Apparel when they still existed - *Edgy goth shit:* Rick Owens mainline for lighter and DRKSHDW for heavier, Kazuyuki Kumagai Attachment, Voidthebrand when they still existed - *Budget*: Muji, Uniqlo, Everlane, Bella+Canvas, etc., but no one really cares  It's functionally a solved question. You can pick one from the applicable list for your style, and it'll be *fine.*
text:Call for Moderator Nominations & Applications v2	labels:I nominate u/pumaturtle to the heretofore non existent position of MFA Ambassador which should definitely have a term limit but smart people should work that stuff out.
text:The North Face x Gucci Launch Collection + Campaign	labels:All tack. No subtlety, sense or style.	episode_done:True
text:I have made a realization that, apart from school uniforms, I only ever wear polo shirts	labels:Honestly I view polo shirts as really bland/generic style wise. Every piece of clothing I wear I ask myself "what is this piece saying/trying to convey" and I feel that polos often just say "slim preppy or streatwear to me" they also often aren't in any interesting cuts or materials like a tee/collared shirt because of this I find myself often opting for something a bit more intentional than a polo.	episode_done:True
text:If you like it and it fits you can wear it, fuck gender norms	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Does AGE really effect your choice of Fashion - Clothing Trends (Discussion)	labels:I am more into raw denim/Japanese workwear than I am into streetwear or other genres. But what I see in that world is that age has little to do with it. Cohesiveness and fit really rule supreme. In fact, some of the best looks I see pulled off in the raw denim space are among dudes 50+.	episode_done:True
text:I think Marilyn was very conscious of what she was doing here. She carried a folksy persona, deliberately catering to working men and women, and had that "What do you mean by suspecting I'm dressing sexy by wearing dresses so tight they have to be sewn on, I can't help that I'm CURVY! It is those who think it's on purpose that are truly lewd!!"-vibe all the way through.   Basically, she tried to be as sexy as possible, but because that wasn't really allowed due to misogyny, she tried and mostly succeeded to pass it off as pure innocence. Here she is saying "I just want to please you guys, it's only natural - why do you judge me for being feminine? Men like feminine women bla bla" in an attempt to make the media be less judgmental about her livelihood.   She wasn't treated respectfully even though she was a huge star, because even though Holywood wanted a woman who was first and foremost sexy, they also judged and shamed the stars for trying to be exactly that. No wonder she was defensive about it - she lived up to the ideal the most, so she also had to be the spokesperson and defender of it. She was very much aware of her image.	labels:I think I didn’t properly explain what I meant. Her saying that “only women criticize what I wear” is very similar to the things that “oh I’m not like other women”  or “I only hang out with the guys” type of women say. Women like this tend to have internalized misogyny that they are not conscious of, and they continue to contribute to this societal problem by trying to put down other women while elevating themselves.   It’s sad because she suffers from exactly the problem that she is contributing to. I don’t think she had some “evil” thoughts or “connived” behind the scenes - in fact I believe from her personal life (and from people that knew her), she was a very sweet girl who was quite naive (which you can kind of tell based on how her relationships often went).   Also I don’t believe she had control over what she could wear while on set or that very famous JFK dress. Her stylist probably styled her and she had little to no input into her outfits.
text:Do you: 1) keep all of your wardrobe equally diverse, or 2) keep all of your wardrobe minimal, or 3) keep some pieces relatively similar while diversifying others?	labels:My closet definitely has #3 vibes. I go out of my way to thrift EVERYTHING besides specific pieces I’m in need of. I have a very boho/neo-hippy style with some funky pieces. When it comes to bottoms, I like to be consistent with skinny jeans, mom cut jeans, and harem pants. Then, I usually style a patterned shirt or t shirt with basic pants. If I have some funky pants, I’ll throw on a mono colored shirt. For shoes, I almost always wear docs (I have a black 1460 8-eye pair & a brown 1460 pascal leather pair) or vans (my 20 year-old spirit is shining through lol).	episode_done:True
text:The construction and the looks are too similar to another Italian company called Henderson (Baracco). I could be wrong but I think Henderson is the one!	labels:Henderson makes amazing fucking shoes	episode_done:True
text:FAQ: How do I know my clothes weren't made with slave labour?	labels:Make em yourself. But then what if the textiles were produced using slave labor?   Buy the fibers and a loom.  But what if the processing facility that produces the fiber uses slave labor to harvest?   Honestly, unless youre willing to grow your own cotton, and raise your own silkworms, and process the raw materials into a finished product...shop thrift. Give that money to your local owner instead of into the hands of a bunch of companies that make you worry about whether theyre using slave labor.  The clothes at thrift might have been produced unethically, but the local owner profits 100% from the sale of the clothing, and it doesnt support the evils.  But you can definitely produce your own silk, your own cotton, all of it. Lots of people do it, its just super fringe and takes a lot of time and patience.   Edit:Looking at other comments, its nice to see this sentiment repeated over and over.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- November 01	labels:Why did men wear a white t-shirt under a dress shirt in the 1950s/1960s?
text:What are some unexpected surprises you've found with certain clothing brands that are known for other things?	labels:I was surprised that Abercrombie wasn't just mall crap for teenagers anymore. It's not the heritage company it once was either, it's just a lower-end mall brand now with a lot of solid basics.
text:General Discussion - December 13, 2020	labels:Eventful run today:  * Decided to start things off with a 100m stair climb because I hate myself  * Tried a new route, got lost and ran 1.5k in completely the wrong direction.   * Decided to up the pace a bit on the last kilometer and promptly ate shit  ----  Unrelated: watching The Mandalorian has me thinking about about how much the costume design carries Star Wars. In the original movies the Sand People and >!Boba Fett!< had barely any characteristics besides their costumes, but they're such good costumes that people still want to tell stories about them 40 years later.  There's also an amusing amount of shameless theft going on in the setting. Like how in that one episode Mando goes to ~~Arrakis~~ Tatooine and fights a ~~sandworm~~ Krayt Dragon with the help of the ~~Fremen~~ Sand People.
text:What was your "how in the name of all that is holy did this end up in a thrift store" find?	labels:It’s less about the value of the item and more about the stars aligning perfectly.  I wear a size 12-13W shoe, plus other things that make my feet really hard to fit, so I am used to buying formalwear to match the one maybe two pairs of formal shoes I own at any given time.  So when I was 17 and going to prom in 2006, my mom tried really hard to help me find shoes, any shoes, that were suitable. But we could only find casual flats or runners, and I realllly wanted to dress up nicely for the first real time in my life. So she said “you know what, let’s buy a dress and then we will just have to find a way.”  So I picked out a black and pale pink dress that just made me swoon, and I figured black heels would be easiest to find. Lol I was so young and stupid.  Anyway we searched high and low right up until the week of prom, we drove to the US from Canada and looked there and I still couldn’t find a pair of heels that fit enough to buy and I decided I’d just wear uncomfy like always and deal with it.   Then I randomly walked into a thrift store and saw on the shoe rack a pair of pink heels in the exact shade of pink on my dress, with black trim. Picked them up, size 12W. They fit like they were made for me.   Wore them until they broke three years ago.
text:You're right about dark and surreal. That Rhodesian flag story was something else.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I never got on the mom jeans bandwagon to me they seemed both uncomfortable (no stretch) and unflattering. If a cut of jean even looked unflattering on the runway models probably not a good sign for the rest of us.	labels:And for me, the mom jeans look really washes out what little butt I have!	episode_done:True
text:Wardrobe not updated	labels:Wardrobe not updated? You might have to download a patch.   srs though, don't buy stuff for the sake of your fantasy self. It sounds like you want to be a person who goes outside in jeans and sneakers, but you're not right now, and you might be interested in different things once we're all vaccinated and getting back to normal. When I add something to my wardrobe, it's something that I want now, to satisfy the self that stays indoors and shreds documents for funsies. (I wish my life were more interesting than this. Alas.)	episode_done:True
text:yeah that would be much better	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Unique brands/boutiques in your city?	labels:I'm in San Antonio, TX. Honestly, my favorite is Niche. They are run and own by women. They are also the designers for the clothes and I believe all of it is locally made. They are super nice and their clothes are wonderful!	episode_done:True
text:Hiking and the Outdoors Inspo Album	labels:i like this style	episode_done:True
text:Inspiration Has to Come From Somewhere: FireFighters	labels:That 205 season with the popcorn was one of the best shows of the last decade. The women’s coats in the fuller opera cut were excellent, I picked one up at when they went 70% off and it always gets compliments and you can fit at least two bottles of wine in that front pocket.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 19	labels: Has anyone had a 92% polyester jacket altered? I have a new jacket that fits great around the chest and shoulders but it's a bit to long and loose has anyone ever had a jacket like mine tailored similarly? The jacket is more like a shell if that makes a difference.	episode_done:True
text:Styling suggestions: Have an item you don’t know how to wear? Comment here and let someone style it for you!	labels:Nike ACG Mountain Fly in Black... all my pants are tapered and it looks like clown shoes.	episode_done:True
text:I mean,  you can't wear shipping fees around the house while telling yourself it's perfect for an event you may totally go to someday.	labels:This comment is a work of art	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone else hate literally everything they put on?	labels:Yes. I change at least 5 times before I go anywhere... anywhere. Sometimes I’m changing so frantically I start to sweat LOL	episode_done:True
text:Definitely Jared vibes.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 25	labels:On my bi-annual Bollywood film kick. Watched *Dear Zindagi* last night, watched *Kal Ho Naa Ho* today.  One thing I've noticed is how heavily Bollywood costume designers/stylists leaned heavily on trends at the time of shooting. So much so that the clothes add an extra layer of dated-ness when you watch these movies 5, 10, 20+ years later.	episode_done:True
text:I've really noticed this! If there is something that is not easy to see, that detail is badly done.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What I’ve learned here is that if it’s not Engineered Garments it’s CRAP!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:> Because of point #1, entry level (~ $500) mechanical watches are not pieces you will pass down to your kids. In fact, it is usually cheaper to trash them entirely and buy new than to bother having them serviced.   Unfortunate but because of our consumption based world, mostly true.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Is black tie comfort fashion a thing?	labels:As far as the baggy thing I don’t have too much info  But my buddy has a similar sensitivity and he gets almost all of his non cotton clothing (so generally, suits) lined with his safe fabrics by his tailor. Seems to do well for him!	episode_done:True
text:A discussion of Ruth Bader Ginsburg's infamous fashion statements	labels:This is such a cool post, thanks for sharing!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 27	labels:I think early MFA and the attendant blogosphere it spawned / belonged to / helped popularise is partially to blame for the whole "timeless" nonsense.  We've come a long way from "well dressed men wear suits" to "actually shirts and blazers can be dressed down" to "actually you can wear what you want and look good", and maybe the whole "timeless", "dapper", "classic", "gentleman" thing was a necessary part of the journey, but... would it just fucking die please.
text:What are you looking forward to buying for "pandemic life" this summer?	labels:Bike shorts and baggy cropped tees! If this summer is anything like the last, I’ll spend the entire time biking around my city and drinking beers in parks or on my friends roofs. Bike shorts are cute but still bike friendly (ofc) and i love a plain cottony or loose fitting tee.
text:This. I have a few good bags and clothing I use on occasion but not everyday - dresses I would wear to the beach or a nice lunch, but wouldn’t wear casually to run errands. And so they come out maybe once a year. Same with bags and shoes!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Good stuff. I graduated into a recession with a finance degree and it was pretty shitty, but at least I could slog it out in restaurants/bars until I landed a gig.  I think new graduates now have it much harder, hope you can land something soon	labels:	episode_done:True
text:cool cool, thanks!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge: Your Favorite Boots!	labels:Acme cowboy boots light brown.	episode_done:True
text:What are your go-to basic fall tops? I’m talking long sleeve tees, sweatshirts, turtlenecks etc!	labels:Simons Twik basic turtlenecks. Theyre super soft! I find that the shoulders are a little bit wide but they still look sleek and polished.	episode_done:True
text:Before COVID, my friends and I would do a monthly formal dinner just so we could dress up. I miss it.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - February 15, 2021	labels:So like, is every MFA regular a cat guy? Disclaimer: I also have cats (though I'm not a regular here)
text:Inspo Album - Random Assortment of Fall 2020 Trends	labels:Anyone know the style name/shop link for that Reformation white bustier jacket in the inspo album? I’m in love!	episode_done:True
text:Fair points.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:WAYWT - December 23, 2020	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Where do you find inspiration for your Outfits?	labels:Definitely Pinterest and I've heard of you're very into fashion the Instagram explore page has great inspo.	episode_done:True
text:Yes to this! I always google various fabrics, but hard to find a good collection of trusted information.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What do you think are the pieces of jewelry everyone should own?	labels:I don’t know about everyone but for me there are pieces of jewelry I own that even if not currently trendy I still use and reach for time and time again.  Hoop earrings - not large and not too small - a pair in gold and a pair in silver.   Diamond studs. Pearl studs.  Thin bangle bracelets - again silver and gold.  Thick cuffs. Depending on my outfit I like having the weight of a cuff on my wrist. It can make me feel like Wonder Woman!  I think bold rings are beautiful on my hands. I have a ring my Mom gave me. It’s an oval dome turquoise stone set in gold. It’s an unusual piece and I love it!   I have a good quality watch I only used for special occasions because it clashes with my Fitbit.  I have a very old (60+) gold crucifix with intricate open scroll work and a tiny red ruby in the center. It’s about an inch long and I’ve been searching for the right chain so it lays right about my cleavage. The gold is from Greece so it’s hard to match the color of the gold. I would wear this all the time.	episode_done:True
text:In Honor of RBG, What is your Dissent piece?	labels:My dissent piece is my phone, which I’m currently using to call my senators every single day to demand that they refuse to vote on a replacement judge until after the election they same way they did after Scalia passed.
text:Because it's not usually about the first or the best, but about the size of the stage.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I Spent $600 on T-Shirts to Find the Best One	labels:It's Uniqlo	episode_done:True
text:I agree with you, as I aged and had other responsibilities I realised I did not care to follow trends.  Though I enjoy following fashion and learning what is going on. It is interesting to look at it as an expression of culture, social and public mood, technology advances, and as an artistic expression.  It's also interesting to see how fashion percolate (the famous Devil Wears Prada scene on the jumper).  On that same note, as fashion changes, it is difficult not to follow it. Trends come into most clothes we buy no matter what we trie to do.	labels:>Trends come into most clothes we buy no matter what we trie to do.  Exactly. And it's also really difficult to predict what will culturally "stick" as a more longterm trend that may even end up being a "classic." I remember when skinny jeans were becoming a thing and people decried they they'd be a passing trend, when they've gone really strong only until very recently (and even though they're no longer super fashionable, they're still a common "basic" at this point.)   I was recently watching an old episode of "What Not To Wear" and Clinton was aghast at the trend of people wearing white sneakers/trainers to the grocery store and anywhere other than the gym. That reaction seems so weird now that athleisure has become so ubiquitous.
text:There’s a sick EG x Barbour cape out there somewhere	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Is fast fashion really fast fashion if you get years of use out of the garments?	labels:The reason why fast fashion is often seen as bad is because fast fashion is synonymous with trendy clothes that wear out within 2/3 washes and unethical labor practices.   Trends change very fast and If a shirt is $5, how much do you think each person who worked on it is getting paid?  I personally have a hard time believing in sustainable fashion nowadays because so many brands that marketed themselves as sustainable have been found to use the same practices as unsustainable ones. This includes high end fashion labels that sell a T-shirt for $2000 but pays their employees the same as forever 21.   So I think of you can get multiple wear out of a fast fashion item, it’s a win for you as an individual. More expensive doesn’t always mean better practices or quality. I’ve bought more expensive items that lasted just as long or not even as long as my Zara items.	episode_done:True
text:(UPDATE) Ladies who miss fashion/makeup/getting dressed up... how are you doing?	labels:I'm just... still getting dressed up. This has actually given me a nice opportunity to try new combinations of outfits and pull out pieces that I wasn't sure about before. The routine of getting dressed and feeling put together is really important for me with regards to getting into the work mindset.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 13, 2021	labels:I'm thinking of buying a collar from darcy, what's a good wing-style to get?	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Fashion Resolutions	labels:Because I am not going anywhere and even if I did all my social events are extremely casual, I have been seriously pursuing evening gowns. The floor-length kind.	episode_done:True
text:Share the outfits you would wear if the world was normal!	labels:I wanna be able to wear fun and distinct styles again!	episode_done:True
text:Stealing her style: Nicole Kidman as "Grace Fraser" in "The Undoing"	labels:Great outfits!  I'm watching it now and love everything. I'm copping her hair color while I'm at it.
text:Can we make a thread of everyone posting their all time favorite Halloween costume they wore? 🎃👻	labels:I was the game twister. My outfit was a dress that had the dots and I had board hat with the spinner.	episode_done:True
text:2020 in Hindsight: A Year in Fashion — Die, Workwear!	labels:this was a fantastic read & one that resonates with me deeply. Appreciate the post!	episode_done:True
text:How do you dress in a casual work environment if you really enjoy fashion/dressing up?	labels:I have worked in casual places for the last few jobs now, and my motto is dress up but add one casual thing to dress it down or only have one dressy element per outfit.  That might mean wearing some sneakers with your fave dress. Wear your fancy skirt with a t-shirt or sweatshirt instead of a blouse. If you want to wear a blazer - make it a fun color, fun pattern, or softer less structured fabric. You wear your fancy trousers with a graphic tee and a jean jacket/leather jacket/chore jacket. You wear some vintage wash mom jeans with a t-shirt/boxy sweater and heels (or fancy boots).  This gives you one foot in casual, but gives you space to wear your favorites. And you do not feel ridiculously overdresses when your peers are wearing leggings and flannel shirts.  You also learn to go with it, and everyone thinks you are a dress up person.  These are my tips as a dressy person who works in casual Bay Area tech land.  And I'll chime in on the no crop tops if skin is visible! Not appropriate (although I know dress codes are loosening and people are doing it.... but it is a bad idea!).	episode_done:True
text:If a cat shredded your sweater right before you were supposed to hit the catwalk, you'd be mad too. And that one guy looked like he snuck out the hospital with a pretty serious abdominal injury, with the gauze and whatnot. That's some dedication to work through the pain like that!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I bought these very popular aritzia melina leather pants..an inspo album and fit pictures	labels:Thanks so much for posting these! We’re basically the same size so this helps so much!	episode_done:True
text:Unusual inspirations	labels:I’ve relaxed a little now but when I first got into fashion I wanted to look exactly like Bertie Wooster	episode_done:True
text:Thank you! TRR is a great goldmine IMO, I'm on there all the time to window shop and what not haha!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:If the new covid strain develops into a “covid-20” kinda thing, im not mentally ready	labels:yeah that variant with higher transmissibility passing through the UK is concerning
text:Who else has sensory issues that has figured out ways to not dress boring?	labels:This comes up here every so often, so if you don't find answers you like here, you might want to search the sub to see what others have tried.	episode_done:True
text:Deceptive Marketing Practices by Fashion Companies	labels:Me Undies does this as well. I dont think it's as bad because you don't have to be a member to order, and there's no membership fee.   However, if you are a member (to get the discount) they'll send underwear every month unless you opt out.	episode_done:True
text:Other than the conventional black/blue/white pants or trousers, what other colour pants or trousers do you own ? How do you style it ?	labels:I have a royal blue jumpsuit and magenta trousers. Sadly the Magenta ones don’t fit anymore. Also sad they are polyester because... they’re not warm for our winters but too hot for our summers so I rarely wore them.   I found even though the pants are bright I end up styling very neutral colours with the magenta pair - white, cream, camel so it balances out	episode_done:True
text:Celebrating the Basic Grey Sweatpants	labels:Thought I was on /r/gay_irl there for a moment	episode_done:True
text:Well if it all gets eaten by birds at  least you are supporting your local ecosystem.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I assume one of the LLB options you tried was the low-top Bean Boots? That's usually my rec for this--I slip mine on.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Who? Who was wearing all this?  Edit: y’all are a bunch of snowflakes lmao	labels:me and my friends, people I saw on the street, models on clothing sites, girls I follow on tiktok and instagram, many many people. these were all huge trends I saw everywhere throughout the year. granted I’m in college and these were mostly popular among teenagers and young adults.
text:Describe your style in five words	labels:Tight fitting jeans big sweaters	episode_done:True
text:Permanent Style - Tucked in T-Shirt	labels:This will make a comeback one day. Dad shoes and dad hats are in right now. So I could see tucked in t-shirts come back no problem.	episode_done:True
text:The Pajama Spectrum	labels:Victoria’s Secret had these legging/waffle-knit sleep sets, and specifically the bottoms I sleep in all the time because they never ride up. They were a holiday release back in like 2014 so so while I’ll check, I doubt they have them anymore.	episode_done:True
text:How has your style changed as you’ve gotten older?	labels:In my teens, my style was a bit all over the place, but I mostly wore darker colors and did the whole emo/scene kid thing. I hated anything overly feminine, flowy dresses/skirts, florals, earth tones and light colors, anything boho.   15 years later, I now wear a fuck ton of the boho clothes I used to hate lol	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 13, 2020	labels:I’m start to get a hair across my ass about people getting obsessed with the “quality” of potential purchases. Especially when it’s in regards to entry level brands.
text:Or that you wanted to upstage the most important people at the party!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Goals and Resolutions Check in: February	labels:I think I have been doing well. I am planning on a low buy this year but needed some new pants since I lost some weight. So I just bought two cheap pants to wear at home but feel put together in case I need to go out (which I won't do any time soon). I am also appreciating better the clothes that I already own instead of constantly trying to find something new to buy. It's nice! Hopefully I won't fall into my shopping addiction this month.	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Grandma's Gift	labels:>Unless this actually happened to you this year, in which case lol @ you.  srs lol @ me! my well-meaning elderly in-laws got me one of those "sassy" tee shirts with words on them. it's several sizes too big. i will probably keep it to sleep in but it cracked me up because i don't really wear shirts with words on them (or tee shirts in general, really) and my personality is so far removed from the words on the shirt 😂😂
text:Capsule wardrobes?	labels:I love love the concept of "Capsule wardrobes". Maybe other people find it restricting but I find it liberating. I get easily overwhelmed with too many choices (I also tend to feel guilty when I see a piece I haven't worn for a long time like I wasted my money and that it is harmful for the environment). I have put an effort in buying less but buying a quality piece (for the environment ya know) so all I need is 20 pieces of clothing.  I usually include a couple of trendy pieces. a leather jacket. a fur jacket. a nice tan color wool jacket. another beige wool jacket. 2-3 high-waisted trouser/tailored-pants. 1 denim jean. 1 white blouse. Sometimes I include dresses and skirts depend on the season. I usually don't include skirts and dresses though because they are not as versatile but I tend to keep a beige silk wrap skirt.  Since I own less, I am able to care for each item more. Each piece is very loved.	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Y2K Style For Anybody!	labels:It finally happened. I am old enough for the fashion I grew up in to be fashionable and trendy again
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 16, 2020	labels:I'm trying to find a nice warm jacket/coat to wear that will keep me comfortable below freezing and the wind doesn't cut through. It gets below 32F here (US South East) often, even down into the 20s & teens.  My clothing currently consists of blue jeans, chinos, and some high top black & white converses. Would love something I could wear with both. I've looked into bomber jackets and pea coats. Not sure what all else I should look into. I know I like fitted clothing rather than bulky. My family keeps suggesting the big canvas carhartt jackets, but they are a bit big and bulky to be wearing with chinos on my way to work.  As far as price goes, I'm not sure what decent jackets/coats (or any clothing for that matter) go for. I'd like to stay under $100 though, but would go a little more for the perfect jacket that would last me a long time.  Any advice would be very appreciated!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 19, 2021	labels:I never thought I'd become this person, but man, shipping costs really can fuck up my desire to buy something. I was just about to commit to buying another pair of sneakers and it's probably the best deal I'm going to find on them, added to cart, shipping info entered, billing info entered... $20 for the cheapest shipping option. No shipping codes available, no threshold I can cross to get free shipping. $20 period, no exceptions.  It's a $300 pair of sneakers discounted to $180, I guess should be able to rationalize that at $200 (including shipping), I'm still getting a better deal than what's available anywhere else online (only a few select retailers got this colorway, and all but one are sold out in my size), but still, $20 shipping feels *wrong*. My brain has been trained from years of online shopping that there should always be some way to get around paying for shipping, or otherwise, shipping should be cheap.
text:I think you mean where's the kanye quad popped collar	labels:	episode_done:True
text:You must do this but give the album the most lurker-friendly title possible	labels:"how to look sharp and get babes"  Then just post literally anything other than basic bastard.
text:Thanks! I love seeing these opinions, because as hard as I try, I can’t get a purely visual perspective myself (I remember how each tee feels when I look at it).	labels:	episode_done:True
text:99% of reddit doesn’t take any form of design and art seriously unless it’s in the form of a tech product or another banal video game  Like I remember a heavily upvoted comment in a r/popular post that contemporary art is a front for money laundering	labels:> contemporary art is a front for money laundering  That's a take and a half	episode_done:True
text:I would also love to know which dark green wool coat you're eyeing! Those are all of my favorite things.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Influencers with Jobs: A Brief Collection	labels:Style Apotheca on Youtube is a pharmacist!   I definitely prefer to keep up with influencers who have real jobs for a few reasons.   Firstly, I don’t love when every other post or video is an ad. It makes it difficult to differentiate between actual personal style content and what’s just an ad for a company I’m not interested in shopping at. I don’t like being Sold something every time I watch a style video, and I find you get that less from influencers who get income from day jobs.  Secondly, as you say, there is a bit more realism in what they’re posting. Style doesn’t happen in a void, it has to happen in our daily lives. I don’t wear four-inch heeled boots to work, and I don’t like watching a college-age girl try and make Work Relatable content by making “Work Outfits” with four inch heeled boots. Influencers who have day jobs understand what it is boring office employees like me are looking for in a work outfit 😊 sure, maybe because of their “influencing” work they spend more money buying high-end clothing items that I’m simply never going to justify buying, but I don’t tend to follow people like that for very long.
text:Endclothing unanswered Customer Support	labels:Shocked to hear they suck at customer service so much. I’ve order from them a handful of times, will be wary in the future
text:How much of your income do you spend on average in clothes every month?	labels:This... is not actually a problem.  You should have a certain amount of your what you make set aside for fun stuff (which should depend on your lifestyle and financial situation) and if you prioritize social activities and saving over clothing, there's nothing wrong with that.  Chances are that your friends are finding good deals because some of their leisure time is dedicated that, whether in person are online, so if that's not something you enjoy, you do you.  With the way things are going, in a few months time, you'll probably be thankful to have some money saved up.  Personally, I live in an area where, if you enjoy cooking and don't drink, shopping constitutes as going out, which means my discretionary income is mainly going to clothes.  I've been rebuilding my closet and the *most* I've spent in a month is $90 which... actually equated to a horrifying amount of, mostly thrifted, stuff (which was fortunate, since I axed most my spring/summer wardrobe and went for it about a week before lockdown.)  I do have years where I don't really buy clothes and that money will instead go to games, or uncommon ingredients, or art supplies, or going out.	episode_done:True
text:Red Fleece is fantastic and distinctly different from the main line. Skews younger and has better cut of jackets in my opinion. Most of their main line suits are padded, lined, and boxy. They’re good but the overall result is pretty conservative, even with lighter fabrics and fits. It’s good stuff off the rack for sure, just not terribly flattering. You look dressed up in a BB suit – but you don’t necessarily look your best.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Pulling the Past Forward, Asian-style	labels:I came here from the other Asian designers thread you just posted! I hadn't seen this post but THANK YOU for this.  I'm an East Asian immigrant who came to North America about a decade ago. One of the first few things I did was to promptly lose my native accent and do everything I could I assimilate asap. That meant everything from making caucasian friends to dressing on a certain way. I hid my culture and never really enjoyed telling people where I was "really" from.  Fast forward to now and I finally feel secure enough to wear whatever and speak however I like. I *LOVE* having Asian motifs on my clothes - my closet is full of crane and koi fish details. I'm also lucky enough to be working in a sector that fully embraces diversity on a deep level. Can't wait to try some of these brands out!
text:What’s something you wish you could tell clothing manufacturers to do differently?	labels:Please make more tops in natural fibres. I shouldn’t have to trawl through endless websites looking for something that isn’t polyester. That is all.
text:My 10x10 Capsule wardrobe challenge results	labels:The action shot of the cat got me. I love it! 😂	episode_done:True
text:What was the last addition to your wardrobe in 2020 and what was / is going to be the first addition to your wardrobe in 2021?	labels:lol last was a christmas gift from my parents- matching festive onesies for me and my cats. i just ordered a cozy brown teddy jacket off of amazon using a gift card i got so that’ll be my first new addition in 2021	episode_done:True
text:Spring/summer 2021	labels:I have some gorgeous and romantic maxi dresses. This year I'm really drawn to pinks and lilacs. The one I'm most excited for is a lilac floral with puff sleeves. It's very Juliet.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 03	labels:Oh, hey, automod moved up with the clocks. (I have no opinion about this, I'm just pointing it out).	episode_done:True
text:Canada Goose Workers Allege Unsafe Working Conditions in Winnipeg Factories. “Before I came to Canada I was in Qatar and then Dubai and it’s the same here in Canada Goose: No humanity.”	labels:That's sad how hopeless she feels at times. Sounds like she already been through a lot and deserves a rest and a home.	episode_done:True
text:I was this way for a long time. This past summer I really hit a groove and thrifted a ton of really fun shirts and linen pants. Now I'm looking forward to summer for the first time ever.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are you planning on getting rid of this year?	labels:In the last few weeks, I have either sold or donated all of my denim save for one pair (for working outside, on the car, etc.).  I'd consider picking up a pair of high rise denim in the future, but for now my wardrobe works better with wool and linen bottoms.	episode_done:True
text:Congratulations and Welcome to our New Moderators!	labels:The ghosts of mods past welcome you. Make sure you send your mod credentials to Uniqlo to get your kickbacks.	episode_done:True
text:How do you dress in a casual work environment if you really enjoy fashion/dressing up?	labels:Everything about your style sounds fine except crop tops probably aren't a good idea for work even if not a lot of skin is showing..  I would feel it out the first couple weeks
text:Inspo Album: Vintage Holidays	labels:I’m in love with that pre-Raphaelite gown. Does anyone know of a similar sewing pattern?	episode_done:True
text:Covid-21	labels:Sure we’ve had first covid. But what about second covid?	episode_done:True
text:Same! Bookmarking the site.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Somewhat tempted to throw the weirdest stuff in my Pinterest into an album, call it Anime inspired and see what happens.	labels:I’d be honored to be the first to complain that’s all too costumey.	episode_done:True
text:Has anyone else ever tried on a designer item just to see what the hype is about?	labels:> Is something holding you back?  The size range. And I love good construction and beautiful things.  On the bright side, I would have been tempted to spend thousands of dollars on fashion that I invested instead. *insert no ragrets(sic) tattoo*	episode_done:True
text:~~because he’s a conventionally attractive white man~~	labels:Because he had actually been been wearing Womenswear down the red carpet for years now. Alongside Billy porter he is the most famous man who also regularly and casually does it. Obvious candidate.	episode_done:True
text:What fashion items on your Christmas list?	labels:I want a nightgown. Like the sort of nightgown you'd wear on the balcony overlooking the vast grounds of your mansion you inherited after your husband died under suspicious circumstance. I know exactly what I want, but I've not yet managed to find one that's somewhat affordable, but not made from plastic.
text:General Discussion - November 11, 2020	labels:Is it "sequel" or "es queue el"?
text:Shitpost Saturday: Signature Scent	labels:Eau de overcompensating for no haircut in over a year with too much detangler.	episode_done:True
text:why are men's clothing generally not as expensive and better quality?	labels:A lot of my basic items are mens ones, plain tshirts and polo shirts, pyjamas, I tend to buy mens hoodies (or even kids ones because I'm short) and mens sweatshirts too, if I can find them small enough.  I find the primark slim fit muscle tee's for men to be actually pretty good, as in not noticeably masculine when I wear them, but then again I'm not the girliest of girls either so I don't mind wearing mens clothes, or mens watches for that matter	episode_done:True
text:Describe your style in five words	labels:I need new clothes, unfortunately.	episode_done:True
text:Oh my gosh I have similar feet and I am so happy for you. It is like hitting the lottery to find any shoes, let alone shoes that look great! Congrats!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Leonardo’s the best tho	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Those hoodies are basic and fit isn’t even that good	labels:which hoodies? Because those are two very different brands, and nothing about them is any more basic than the hoodies this article talks about.
text:It really is!!     I have a friend that has a Chewy costume. The whole thing. I wonder if he is going out in it. He always says it is so nice and warm being outside in the MN fall on Halloween LOL	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I'm still dressing up and you should too. It will make you feel better. (And me too!) We're all in this together take care of yourself <3	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 24, 2020	labels:I'm a longtime lurker and browse this subreddit periodically. Maybe this is just me, but I recently noticed that the subreddit is become more fashion oriented and it doesn't seem to cater towards the average male. A lot of the outfits/lookbooks that are posted give me "fashion week" vibes because it has something vintage, baggy pants, some obscure sweater, etc.  I'm not hating on the subreddit because I respect fashion but the subreddit doesn't seem to be what it was 5 years ago. Basically, I feel that the subreddit is less helpful to the average male.  Points of discussion: What do you all think about the subreddit?  Anyone have an recommendations to subreddits/resources with current fashion advice for the average male?  Some of the information on the side or in the wiki seem a bit outdates. How can we better help newcomers?
text:Why is this downvoted? I agree, those are everyday staples for me. It might not be everyone's style but I definitely think that there is a pearl necklace for everyone. Check out nouvelle pearls. They have some really unique pearl pieces including baroque pearls if you're not interested in the traditional pearl look.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Elk IV Parka from Wuxly Movement	labels:I don't see how canada goose promotes animal abuse. The down is never live plucked and the fur is sourced from animals that are killed by the state because of overpopulation
text:Manifesto, the bizarre yet intriguing sneaker: world’s first asymmetrical shoe in mass production?	labels:Are we ever going to move past this ugly sneaker phase or is this just our life forever now?
text:These are samples. However there are no defects. The shaft height looks different as the heel of the right boot is raised in some pictures.	labels:Sorry--what does that mean, samples?
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 23	labels:Is Everlane’s Customer Service still crap? I want to order somethings from them, but I know they’ve had issues in the past.	episode_done:True
text:Uniqlo U 2021 SS Lookbook	labels:Time to begin the bi-yearly cycle of me shitting on the new Uniqlo U collection, popping into their store in person “for a quick look”, seeing the Uniqlo U stuff and liking it more than I thought I would, not buying any of it after talking myself out of it, regretting it, and coming back two weeks later only for it all to be sold out in my size!
text:That's how I interpreted the question as well.  The "third piece" rule pretty much would have you to put a third piece on top, and in winter, that third piece is a coat, and once you are inside you don't wear the coat anymore.  For me, I typically have an indoor third piece waiting for me, ie a neutral color cardigan at my desk, so when I take off my kickass outerwear I can still complete the look with a third piece for indoors.  If that's not possible for whatever reason I'll wear the indoor third piece under the outdoor third piece because if it's cold enough to wear the winder coat, a thin cardigan isn't going to seriously mess up the temperature calculus.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Changing your mindset from fast fashion to one of investment pieces. What did you learn?	labels:It sounds like you're having trouble staying motivated so maybe you need to remember why you wanted to change your habits in the first place - you mentioned that you wanted to reinvent yourself.  For me, it took years and it's an ongoing process to change the way I think/buy, as well as to save up ad afford the nicer things I wanted. I would say that some main factors for me to change were that I became dissatisfied with the quality I saw (once you learn to sew, you can't unsee it), and I had a friend who was starting to buy nicer things. She made more money than I did, so it took more effort for me when I wanted to buy some, too.  I had to learn to do my research - follow the brands/makers, see what sales and discounts they offered, if any. It might take a season or easily longer to learn about their habits before I made my move. I also had to learn about when to just buy something full-price - if I thought I would be so disappointed to miss out, I'd consider buying the piece sooner. I wear a XS-S most of the time, so these sizes tend to sell out faster. Most of the time though, I had to learn to be patient, be honest with my style/needs, and shop smarter.	episode_done:True
text:Same thing happened to me two weeks ago. I know it’s different for everyone but for us we each had 3-4 that felt like extreme flu proceeded and followed by a few days of lighter symptoms and heavy on/off fatigue. We also lost taste and smell completely which is wild. We are both in our mid 30s and relatively healthy for reference. On the mend now and hoping my test will be negative tomorrow so I can get back to work. Hang in there and drink lots of water and hopefully it’ll be over quickly.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Victorian, but Make it Fashion - Fashion Week Spring 2021 Inspo Album	labels:Ok, yes I'm here for this! Particularly Loewe and Patou.  I like the big arms, and I think a lot of things will look good with the 90s trends. 90s/80s style with added Victorian makes us all look like we just finished filming a 80s music video with Prince and Madonna?
text:I'll remember you guys when I'm in the big city!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Top of WAYWT - October 2020	labels:!mfaimagebot 14  Dunno why but this is by far my favorite fit in here. Everything is really simple and it's definitely ~ F A S H I O N ~ with the Alden boots, selvedge, etc. but it's such an approachable outfit. I think a fantastic example of why straight-cut denim is better than slim.  Jeri's fits are always fun and I love seeing him tbh. If you're ever out CO way I'll buy you a beer dude.   /u/nipplemonger are those your new cigar LHS?
text:How to Combat Fashion Apathy?	labels:I get like this from time to time and I actually think it’s from overstimulation. Too many influencers and brands and blogs and trends and fashion weeks. When I get apathetic, I usually just stay away from anything fashion related for a while.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 21, 2020	labels:A few months ago someone wrote a western wear guide on here but I can't find it. Can anyone link me to it?	episode_done:True
text:I agree, although I found that I have a hard time wearing my cream cardigan; for some reason cream seems to work best under other things rather than over. Or at least, in my wardrobe.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Annual Capes, Cowls, and Cloaks	labels:Clint in *For a Few Dollars More* 👌	episode_done:True
text:THIS. I have been working on a lot of \~self improvement\~ this year and part of making my goals for 2021 has been distinguishing "the person I aspire to be" from "the person I am willing to be" from "the person I can afford to be."   I too have been on a journey to live a budget life of luxury especially when it comes to things like matching lingerie all the time and sleepwear and what I've realized is that I'm not actually interested in luxurious sleepwear. I'm actually interested in being the person that has two hours to unwind every night, takes a warm bath in a massive tub with a v expensive lush bath bomb, does a full face care routine, brushes her hair out, has little tinctures on her vanity to apply just a bit of perfume, puts on a silk gown, lights a candle, reads in bed, and turns out her lamp at a generous 9:30pm.   The truth is that the desire for the sleepwear is really a desire to have more silence, more time spent on me, and more time doing things that look and feel good simply because I like them and not because they serve any kind of real function.   I have moved away from using old t-shirts because I like the idea of dedicated sleepwear but I usually just go with a solid color cami / tank top / shirt and either some shorts or some sweat pants depending on how cold it is. They're cheaper but still look thoughtful.	labels:I want to be the same person as you but psyche myself out of it.   I always want to take a long relaxing bath but the reality of cleaning the bath first, then relaxing, the  showering off the remains of the bath bomb and washing my hair if i havent already. When it comes to it i feel like it’s a time sink. I also prefer to be alone in the house so I know I wont be interrupted.   I also want to always have perfume on but feel like it’s a waste to wear it round the house. I only bother lighting candles when i have hours for it to burn evenly.   I do the full skincare every day and hair masks and face masks fairly regularly and feel really good when i have shaved moisturised legs and clean sheets but relaxing baths are something I want but never seem to manage.	episode_done:True
text:Talk fit post fit	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 21, 2020	labels:I'm a pretty thin guy who gets cold easily. I'm wondering what articles I can wear over my button-ups that'll keep me warm indoors where I'm expected to take any coats/jackets off. What comes to mind first are cardigans, solid-color sweaters, quarter-zips. Anything else that comes to mind?
text:How often do you wash your clothes?	labels:Pretty much the same - I’ll wash t-shirts after every wear, for blouses if I’m only wearing them for a couple hours I’ll just hang them up again, if it’s all day I’ll wash after a wear. I wash my jeans every 5-8 wears same as other pants because all of mine bag out regardless. Sweaters I usually handwash every 1-2 years lol. Leather stuff I try to condition at least once a year (my favourite shoes get more love).   It helps a lot that I’m not very sweaty or smelly (confirmed by outside sources).	episode_done:True
text:Thought you were saying he was better than 2010’s Johnny Cash and I was like... the man died in 2003... hahaha   Really dig his music and persona. A true king.	labels:Nono, but Orville is the new Cash.  His voice really is something	episode_done:True
text:Where can I buy this veil of ignorance? I’d like it to be ethically sourced, of course, and under $20 please!	labels:I think Everlane sells an ethically sourced veil - more like $200 though unfortunately	episode_done:True
text:How do you balance bright statement pieces with a capsule wardrobe?	labels:You could try neutral tops and statement bottoms or visa versa.	episode_done:True
text:Menswear I Drool Over: FW/2020 Part I	labels:Here's the first of ***many*** inspo albums I'll be making. Starting off with *FW/2020*, I opted to include designers *I* ***personally*** *gravitate towards*. Going in alphabetical order, labels with names starting with **A-C** have been curated for your viewing pleasure for part 1! I would love to hear your thoughts on my picks, and any other suggestions of designers/themes to include in upcoming albums. I still have **68 designers** to go through for FW/2020 so I am trying to keep these albums as short as possible. Coming soon **"Ye Olde Lookes"** featuring pivotal collections from fashion's distant past. Enjoy!	episode_done:True
text:Just how revolutionary is Harry Styles’ Vogue cover?	labels:If this guy cant pull it off its probably not a very good look but who am i to judge. Did he get bored of the SLP style? He was pretty much my SLP look book back in the day
text:Spend $250 on a good replica bag or Tory Burch?	labels:I buy pre-owned past season bags exclusively. The discount is 80%-90% off the retail usually. So, I’d pick that option? I don’t believe replicas have the same quality, IME. Also, I don’t feel the same joy when I carry them so it’s not worth it for me.	episode_done:True
text:I’d like to preface all this by saying I don’t know where else to post this on Reddit. I figure the best method to achieve the end goal is to branch out and see if anything comes back. I’d also like to preface the following: I rarely ask favors of people as it’s always been my understanding not to lean on others for help. However, I’m dead in the water. I’ve attempted to complete this mission myself, but it’s not lead anywhere significant because of level of importance this person possesses. I was hoping the Reddit community could play a part in accomplishing it with me. I’ve always seen Reddits and watched a bunch of the videos of the community on YouTube. Honestly you are a bunch fun loving individuals and have accomplished crazy things from what I’ve seen.  From working on a nuclear reactor, to climbing Mt. Everest, and even diving in a submarine to 1,500 get below the oceans surface: nothing has made me shake or to be as nervous as my dream of meeting Thom Browne. I would like to meet Thom Browne.(Fashion designer and business mogul) I have two of his known addresses but as a man of that importance I’m sure he’s not at either typically with all the international business he conducts. I’d also like to point out that I’m currently a nuclear engineer in the U.S. Navy. There are a few restrictions I have due to this. Therefore, I cannot have a computer. I’d further my investigation through those means if those were viable.  Since I’ve joined the Navy, I’ve not been able to keep up the development of my programming and hacking skills. My heart would have immense renitence if I didn’t ask you this: Can you find a way to put me in contact with Thom Browne? Anything would help; from his personal cell phone, to being in the same room, or his future known future location, etc... You will be compensated handsomely at the end of this daring mission. I do know how difficult this is or could be, but I would not ask if it wasn’t important to who I became today.	labels:I should’ve fucking known someone was gonna do this to me	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 17, 2021	labels:hope everybody is having a good sunday :)
text:General Discussion - November 26, 2020	labels:Oh God more Rose Anvil people RUN AWAY
text:Lurker concept of dressing better is dressing “good” in a mainstream sense. Something that is restrained without being flashy. Something that other guys will say “cool jacket!” But won’t be scary to wear.   It’s how the basic Bastard came around. Inoffensive but still good.   It’s hard to talk to my friend who clearly wants to dress better and cooler but just can’t. He loves all the stuff I wear cause it’s cool and preppy (he’s also New England born and bred) but he’s in the more jock/frat category than I am (engineering nerd/artsy) and I think the idea of stepping too far out of line will be met with ridicule. I don’t really notice that stuff cause I’ve been doing it for so long, but for him even a new jacket or sneakers is really stretching it and he’s hesitant to step away from normal guy stuff.	labels:Yeah, I think I fall into the trap of dressing like this for so long that it’s sorta second nature at this point. So what is out of the norm for some people feels comfortable for me. I understand the fear of stepping away from the norm, and also understand that’s where most lurkers are. But I don’t understand the mindset of different=always bad. Idk maybe it just boils down to simply wanting to fit in
text:Menswear I Drool Over: FW/2021 Part III	labels:your posts are the only reason i've ended up coming here again, i admire your persistence but this sub was boring as fuck 10 years ago and it's still boring now.  faced with the newest work these troglodytes ask, 'what happened to tailoring?' stunningly stupid, i really have to say--because if you looked at the images for a more than a second, surely you'd see the relationship these silhouettes have to '*CLASSIC* tailoring' and how we got here.  it's the same thing as always: people don't want to change or at the very least want to be reassured that the thing they already know/have is the best.   forget there will always be a million places that will churn out that * timeless * look of yours, should an artform just stand still? no one should experiment? no one should challenge the status quo?   i vividly remember in about 2007 or 08, people on hypebeast forums being upset about skinny jeans coming into fashion, while superfuture immediately went balls deep. called it frute swag lol.   funny now being old enough to see in the last couple of years people asking, 'are  wide fits really in fashion now?' 🙄.  also if i had to bet, i think that hed mayner collection will filter down everywhere within 5 or so years. i'm loving fw21 tbh--zegna's probably my overall favourite but so much heat.
text:It seems she has spent her whole career under him, that she hasn't had a chance to spend her wings and develop her own point of view. The question is will she get that opportunity at Chanel - or will she need to leave to find it.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Fashion Resolutions	labels:Now that we're in week 579 of quarantine, I've forgotten what day of the week it is, which is... not great.  The solution is obvious: Day of the Week Underwear!  This will ensure that not only do I always know what day of the week it is, but I'll also go back to changing my underwear daily.   I also have resolved to only thrift my clothing, so I bought a used pack of day of the week underwear on ebay. It's missing Wednesday, but Wednesday is the worst day of the week anyway, so I'm just going to skip Wednesdays and go straight to Thursdays. Then, every two months, I'll have a leap week, where I don't wear any underwear at all, so that I can "reset" to the proper days of the week.   A flawless plan!
text:Nice Laundry No Show Socks Are Terrible!	labels:Falke cool kick no show socks, easily my favourite. Also they are made specifically as left and right, which is nice.	episode_done:True
text:Is Y2K fashion coming back organically or is it a result of progressing the 90's comeback to the next decade since that trend seemed to work out?	labels:Everything eventually comes back in fashion.  Personally I would love for 2000s jeans to come back - not super low rise or the ones that were bedazzled or laced up but just normal rise bootcut and flare jeans. I have a few from that era that I still wear all the time and a couple more that I had to replace with similar ones from poshmark because I couldn't find them in shops.  I also miss 2000s makeup. Sure, there was too much body glitter and candy colors but there was also the fresh dewy look of blush and a light lip gloss - think Britney Spears in her Oops I Did It Again video, or Mandy Moore's makeup in her video for Candy. Not everything in the 2000s was horrible lol.
text:A complete capsule wardrobe - casual version	labels:no sneakers?	episode_done:True
text:What's on your 2021 fashion wishlist?	labels:I want to invest in high quality athleisure and cold weather gear. I also want to continue to buy more nice/casual sneakers.	episode_done:True
text:What Do You Wear With Strong Sentimental Value?	labels:My Casio watch. The one I bought broke after five years but I bought the same model again.	episode_done:True
text:I agree, H&M is pretty good for work clothes and I think the quality is a lot better than others at that price point  Edit: I had meant to post this as a reply to one of the H&M comments	labels:Love love love H&M.	episode_done:True
text:Using Pinterest to Help Find Your Style (or: how to tell Pinterest it is no longer 2012)	labels:I also think something that really helps me is when I find something I like, I scroll down to look at the “similar items”. The algorithm often does a really good job at finding similar items, and then if you interact with those items it makes your home feed even better.	episode_done:True
text:Is 2020 the year of the 'house dress?' On comfort as a 'trend'.	labels:It goes back a lot further than Victorian times, there was a garment similar to this under women’s structured clothing at least in Europe for several centuries. For upper classes it served as a nightgown, and for lower classes it was something they could do house work in. It has nothing to do with nursery rhymes or even women’s appearances, its construction was simple because it wasn’t meant to be seen.	episode_done:True
text:I second this! I made a note in my phone with all of my measurements and it's saved me a lot of time and money. Before I buy anything I compare my measurements with the websites size guide (I do it for each individual item) and select whatever size *they* have listed for my measurements.   These are measurements I keep personally:  Height Bust Band Waits Hips Hollow to Hemlines  Hollow to floor  Inseam:   For some of these (mainly bottoms) I jotted down my true measurements using a tape measurer and also took measurements of jeans that I already had that fit well.	labels:I did that too, but I don't have all of these. What are the hollow ones?
text:I love this answer, and I think that’s also why certain looks on certain people end up looking so costume-y. If a look is not authentic to your life and to who you are, it’s not going to have the effect you’re hoping to achieve.  The notion of appreciating fashion without feeling compelled to wear it yourself also ties into the conversations around cultural appropriation. As beautiful as I find traditional attire from other countries and cultures, or as cool as the fashion is in many countercultures, I don’t NEED to wear those outfits on my own body to appreciate and enjoy them.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 27, 2020	labels:Help with see-through white dress shirts.  I've been wanting to get out of my t-shirt and jeans comfort zone and start dressing better. For my first fancy purchase I was going to buy a nice white oxford but every single shirt I looked at was see-through! Is this normal for white dress shirts? If not then could anyone reccomend a good brand that won't advertise my nipples?
text:If you could get yourself one fashion gift, what would it be?	labels:My milestone gifts the last few years have been Tiffany jewelry. I'm single so I feel like buying myself quality jewelry is the epitome of celebrating my success. Plus, I wear the pieces almost daily, so they are always there to remind me how far I've come. These have been for personal milestones, though, not professional. If I were celebrating a professional success, I'd probably buy a bag or something that I could carry all my work items in and still look fashionable and professional.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 05, 2021	labels:For some reason, I have the stereotype that American and British dress shoes are boxier/bulkier looking than their European counterparts from Italy and Spain. Is this true?  Separately, how do you dress up a boxy pair of dress shoes? What should be the fit of the suit like?
text:Thanks for taking us along this cycle, it's been a pleasure! I get that by "break" you probably just mean stopping active consumption of fashion as a hobby and just wearing shit, but unless you have a box of video game tees and ill-fitting loose jeans stashed somewhere to replace your current wide tees and well-fitting loose pants I don't know how you can *really* stop with your very fashionable wardrobe.   That's what I love about this stuff personally, I can't completely drop it like every other hobby I've had cause even if I stopped giving a shit I couldn't truly stop giving a shit with my wardrobe and cause everybody *has* to wear clothing.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:From my own experience, I'd say the best made "vintage" Andrew Marc leather jackets are better than a lot of "mall" brand leather jackets I've owned or tried like Kenneth Cole, Tommy Hilfiger, Reilly Olmes, Ralph Lauren Chaps. I have a Ralph Lauren POLO leather jacket (original MSRP $695) from 1999 made of a heavy leather that has held up wonderfully over the years and I'd say is better than the best Andrew Marc I've tried (but my experience is limited--there may be "gems" out there, like limited editions).	labels:90s Polo is kind of golden era polo, somewhat different to what we have 20 odd years later.      RL Polo iteration one happens in 67' , RRL comes in 93', and then Purple label is in 94', but over the years I think the gap in quality has really widened sadly.
text:Yooooo you can’t just say that and not show us your bomb ass paintings!!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Fashion Favorites	labels:I love the whole colorblocking. To me ads interest, but keeps it modern.  Structured, well tailored jackets/ coats bring me joy. Tapered at the waist, with shape to it ( can’t stand all the straight coats and tops that are so popular).
text:It's a lot worse than real leather- real leather is simply a biproduct of the meat industry. Until meat is no longer a thing, leather would be wasted.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Japanese people are people like anyone else lol    Source: Am Japanese	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Favorite unconventional workwear?	labels:My gold Oxford shoes get a lot of positive attention when I wear them! Same with my embroidered floral ankle boots.	episode_done:True
text:Review - The Custom Russian Automatic Dive Watch (for less than 100 Dollars)	labels:Awesome! Now do sunglasses! Lol	episode_done:True
text:Black is Beautiful, Braids are Beautiful, Bald is Beautiful: Ayanna Pressley as an icon of feminine professionalism	labels:She looks fantastic bald.  She has the features to carry it off so it makes her look powerful.	episode_done:True
text:Check out the sidebar under basic Bastard if you have not yet. it has some pant color recommendations. That being generally you want olive, navy, grey, black, and khaki/caramel pants	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Fall Fashion Inspo!	labels:I'm a teen and am loving the trend of chunky cardigans over fitted shirts. I'm also obsessing over light wash mom jeans with camel coats! Any mock necks also scream fall..	episode_done:True
text:its a small image, its not the end of the world	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I was really surprised with sizing as well, still great sneakers regardless.  I’ve posted some photos of them!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Hot Southern Gothic Summer / Inspo album / Because we needed another for 2021!	labels:The television adaptation of Sharp Objects. Woman returns home to her hometown to investigate murder there. Think present-day southern gothic tale! It’s on HBO.	episode_done:True
text:How do you style/match your footwear with your outfit ? Do you use colour blocking method ?	labels:I always follow the 3 colour rule, so no more than 3 colours in any outfit to make it look cohesive (I don’t count white as a colour, however). I don’t own any bold colour shoes, but if I did and were to say wear a red shoe, I might try to wear something else red in my outfit to tie it in, like a shirt or a bag. But I think a bold shoe would also look great with an all black outfit, or tied in with something simple like a belt.	episode_done:True
text:Wow please post pics that sounds like /r/goodyearwelt level kind of work	labels:	episode_done:True
text:linen is great in the heat, very breathable	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Nicolas Cage's Many Leather Jackets, Ranked	labels:I didn't know this was a thing. Now that I know, I'm glad it's a thing.	episode_done:True
text:Nice Laundry No Show Socks Are Terrible!	labels:Converse no show socks have been the best for me. A little chunkier than other brands but the stay still. A lighter thinner version would be Pair of Thieves.	episode_done:True
text:>Bottega Veneta padded casette  Not going to lie, when I saw someone with this bag my first thought was leather couch cushion, as it kind of has that same pattern as some leather sectionals.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Hehe I can’t wait I hope we’re right	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Fashion Resolutions	labels:I'm going to be more ethical, which is why I'm going on a ethical $200 a month no buy, during which I will only buy graverobbing tools to procure my clothes in the most ethical manner possible.
text:FAQ: Why/ when/ how do you cuff jeans?	labels:It’s all personal, I never cuff any of my pants.  If they don’t fit / are too long, I take them to my tailor.	episode_done:True
text:So, lulu?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Can we make a thread of everyone posting their all time favorite Halloween costume they wore? 🎃👻	labels:I don't want to share an image on a public forum, but I dressed up as "The Night Sky" last year and it's one of my favorite costumes I've ever done! I had a dress covered in stars, did my hair up in an elaborate crown studded with crystal stars and moons, black knee-high boots, and -for the most dramatic "look" - I sewed three sets of blue and white string lights into a black cloak so that I wore a cape of stars. Also I covered myself in glitter! The battery pack made dancing difficult but it was so worth it haha. The party had a woodland-gods-and-mystical-creatures theme so there's a picture of me at some point sitting on a massive throne and it's probably the most regal I've ever felt in my life	episode_done:True
text:What true heirloom pieces do you own and how do you incorporate them into your style?	labels:A little different but I own several saris and a couple of lehengas, some of which were my mum's and some from my grandma on my dad's side.  With my mum's, I like to style them as she wore them which is pretty traditional and really lean into the 80s style with fluffy hair and major winged eyeliner but I normally add a statement piece of jewellery to make it mine.  My grandma's I tend to mix up with different styles of blouses, different scarves and wear as more of a mishmash to fit in with the trends at the moment. One of the saris she gave, I've had made into a lehenga with two different blouses and the skirt into a ruffled, almost flamenco kind of skirt because the material really suits that kind of thing.
text:Winter Whites: a White Pants After Labor Day Inspo Album	labels:Those models look clinically depressed	episode_done:True
text:Fall Fit Battle - Elite 8 - Results and Discussion	labels:someone needs to link these threads everytime someone complains about hOw BoRiNg the mfa style is	episode_done:True
text:What are your favorite outfits to wear with white booties?	labels:I have white doc martens and I wear them with absolutely everything.  Dresses and tights, skinnies, cuffed straight leg jeans... i feel like the white after labor day thing (which is tbh a little silly anyway) doesn’t apply since they’re boots.	episode_done:True
text:Inspiration Has to Come From Somewhere: FireFighters	labels:Next up, dressing like garbage men	episode_done:True
text:Permanent Style - Tucked in T-Shirt	labels:This only works if men's pants have moved to a mid-level waist. Unfortunately, most men's pants still sit below the waist.	episode_done:True
text:How to build a style with a limited outlet?	labels:Well, i won't claim to be a style icon but my recipe since i was a teenager is essentially as follows:  1.  Buy used.  I mostly thrift but also look on used slow fashion instagram, Etsy, Poshmark, etc.  For thrifting, there is no secret - just go often, don't feel any pressure to buy something every time you go.   2.  Only buy natural fibres (silk, wool, cotton, linen) - this isn't hard and fast as I have thrifted down puffer jackets, etc but if it is touching my skin it isn't acrylic or polyester.  3.  Buy things that are interesting.  A unique shape or colour, or a beautiful material, it stands out on the rack. I mostly don't thrift fast fashion, it was shit to begin with - I am looking for vintage tags and high quality clothing.  Look at how the seams are finished, how the buttons are sewn on.	episode_done:True
text:Office Clothes	labels:I have kind of a dorky fashion sense, so I get most of my office casual from Macy's and Kohls	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Pacific Northwest Style	labels:when you spend hundred and hundred of dollars to look like you shop at good will  NAILED IT  &#x200B;  cept mariners guy, those shorts are lit af
text:General Discussion - January 13, 2021	labels:HOW THE FUCK AM I SUPPOSED TO KEEP WORKING FOR THE NEXT 40 YEARS OF MY LIFE?!?!?  Maybe it's just me but I'm working my quote unquote "dream job" and it fucking sucks. As someone who got an engineering degree and is now in business, soooo much of business is bullshit but staring at a computer all day also seems miserable. Jobs are not your life and I wish that was the culture we lived in. 30 hr work week when?
text:Never buy anything from FILA.com	labels:Don't hesitate to escalate to PayPal and your credit card company.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 26, 2020	labels:Anyone have any experience with J. Crew Factory sunglasses?	episode_done:True
text:Oh wow, fellow INFP here, and we're nearly fashion twins! Although my neutrals are navy/cream/beige, and I'd replace your summer lace with linen, and platforms with loafers.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I think the most obvious alternative - albeit $$$ - would be cashmere. There's quite a few options that have the same basic rib design as OP's wool version. I think the challenge with cashmere is that if what you want is a super-chunky look, your options become more limited since cashmere tends to be finer and thus the sweaters don't always have the same heft. That said, if you're willing to invest in a 4-ply or higher cashmere SCC, you might be able to attain that nice chunky look.   Personally, when I'm working from home, I have a knockabout 2-ply cashmere SCC that I'll wear when I just want a warm layer; it's really nothing special and doesn't look anywhere as substantial as my Northern Watters-made lambswool SCC but it's kind of perfect for a home sweater.   The other common option would be cotton or linen or blends of both but then you lose out on warmth/insulation. That said, I had a cotton SCC for years that was a go-to "lemme just throw on a layer" option in temperate months.   Do you have the same reaction to merino?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Texture!	labels:Thank you for that album! That first dress is incredible. Any recommendations on where to buy something similar? I can’t say that I’ve ever seen a maxi sweater dress with that type of texture before.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 17, 2020	labels:I think it's time for a break, I feel like I've dropped all my marbles and am no longer inspired to share anything. Hope I can be back eventually and everyone take care of yourselves!
text:Zoocore Inspiration Album	labels:I have that San Diego Zoo koala tank! The material and cut are super comfy, in addition to the cute print.
text:hahahah lol...  DM me for my onlyfans	labels:	episode_done:True
text:That’s such a cute outfit! I feel like it’d bring me joy just to see it	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I had a pair of leather finish jeans from Anne Taylor years ago and the finish slowly gave way until I had a pair of dark jeans.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Oh these are all lovely, thank you for the suggestion.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do your clothes wear out?	labels:For me, it’s typically the elasticity of fabrics start to give and the items no longer fit correctly or if it’s a bottom, they no longer “stay up”. This usually happens with leggings or panties after about 5 or more years of regular wear with caring for the items properly.  I also had a faux leather jacket wear out after 6 years of regular wear. The faux leather ended up “peeling off” or something like that.
text:Yes. Tower your knowledge and your presence over them.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 17, 2020	labels:Is there any store in British Columbia Canada that carries Barbour Lutz Quilted jackets? I'm keen on this specific one. Nordy doesn't have it and I see that it can be ordered off Farfetch for quite a mark up in price but i'd like to try it on before ordering	episode_done:True
text:Sure thing, let's do that then.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:It would be pretty easy for me without footwear... And then with footwear... I think I have to go with J. Crew. Maaaaybe PRL, but probably J. Crew.  You gotta start off thinking, "which of the brands that make my shoes also make clothes?" And go from there.  Oh, crap, I don't have a belt from J. Crew. Or any outerwear. Or... anything worth layering. This is going to be one simple outfit. But it'll work.	labels:Yeah I was thinking SuitSupply, maybe Spier & Mackay, but I don’t own shoes (or pants) from them.   Then backwards from shoes... most of the shoe labels I own don’t make clothes. I have a pair of Zegna shoes, but no pants. I have Canali shoes, but no dress shirts that would go with the shoes. I have Loro Piana shoes but again, nothing from them that *really* goes with those shoes.   I’ll have to probably go Ralph Lauren because they’re the only brand I own the whole ensemble from. I guess I’m off to find trousers from them that fit me today.	episode_done:True
text:Why are they 2-3 times the price of Uniqlo?   At 60quid a polo, they are competing with Kent Wang.  The traditional retail price is just insulting to anyone who makes clothes or works with cloth.	labels:Their clothes are made in Europe, the fabrics mostly traceable and they cover about 15 sizes. All things Uniqlo doesn’t do.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 14, 2020	labels:What are some decent boots under 200 euros with good lasting grip and comfortable for long work days? I have to deal with lots of bread crumbs (yes they make you slip) and wet floors. I don't want to break them in for months, no need for steel toes. I'm currently looking at Timberland 6 inch premium but not sure about their grip.	episode_done:True
text:!mfaimagebot 10	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are your tips for dressing a big chest!	labels:Body suits are fantastic for the tucked-in look, but without adding additional bulk to your waist, which always makes me look frumpy. I swear by them with skirts or pants	episode_done:True
text:I will look forward to your first post!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:(Man) Repeller: A postmortem	labels:She built it. It’s hers to burn down.
text:Women who have revamped your entire wardrobe — how did that go? What is your advice for the rest of us?	labels:I've done so twice and the first time was a disaster.   I was trying to combine advice about "classic and timeless" pieces with a look based around an entirely different aesthetic, and it turned into a mess. I was still holding onto outdated assumptions about what was fashionable. I was trying to do too much at once. I have almost no pieces left from that year.  I am convinced that for 99% of people, "classic and timeless" is a scam. If you sew your own Victorian-style pieces, that's awesome. If you have a lot of time and money to spend a lot of time looking for the perfect 100% silk and cashmere pieces from different decades, that's awesome too. Otherwise, there's a good chance that you're in denial about a dated wardrobe. A better goal for most people is to get to a place where you can update with new pieces slowly - maybe 2-3 per year. I will be buying one new wool sweater this winter.  A good place to start is with what you already gravitate to in your daily life and your own closet. Imagine that you really want to go to work (or your favorite restaurant or to do something fun on the weekend, whatever you do often) tomorrow wearing something that makes you feel special and look your best, but you're going to be wearing it all day, so it needs to be pretty comfortable. Which outfit do you pull out?   In my own wardrobe, I can look through the outfits I passed by and say why - too casual (although sometimes those are perfect for another activity), I just don't love it and it would never be my first pick, too tight, too cheap-looking, not my style, too boring. It's easier to build around what you already like than to throw everything away and try to buy things based on an imaginary person that you've never actually been. Get rid of the things that you never gravitate toward, and see what's left. From there, you might need just a few more wish-list pieces to get that smaller wardrobe you love.	episode_done:True
text:Jeans: Recommendations and Reviews	labels:Honestly I think you have to give way more detail on your old pair and what you’re looking for.  In my mind the biggest hurdle to perfect jeans is the fit, and since every body is different this is highly individual. Some people might prefer stretchier denim for a more forgiving fit, while others look for stiffer fabric, and have less leeway.   Personally I still struggle to find a high rise, non cropped, fits my thighs and waist, plain dark wash, straight/skinny, 90% or more cotton, pair of jeans. But hopefully I’ll find it eventually!
text:General Discussion - January 11, 2021	labels:I've been on this website for 9 godforsaken years. I remember signing up for reddit in grade 12. Here I am 2 degrees later, still being a degenerate.
text:What Did You Recently Get Rid of From Your Closet (and How, Please Help Me Help Myself)	labels:I once got the tip to put everything in your closet with the open part of your hanger hook facing out. Then, when you wear something, turn that hanger the right side out (i.e. round side of the hook facing out). Set a time period that you want to revisit cleaning your closet (i.e. a season/year etc) and after that time period donate or throw out everything that still has the hook turned in. Similarly, pack all the things you aren't sure if you want to keep into a box and set a time frame. If you find yourself wanting to wear something in that box, take it out. At the end of the time-frame, donate what's still there (especially if you forgot that item existed).  Recently due to COVID, I moved across back the country so I had to fit my closet into suitcases. That involved donating a lot of things that are perfectly nice and wearable but what I had to admit to myself that 1)I actually never wore in the 3 years I lived there and 2) didn't miss in the few months that I was living without them (I was living out of a carry on when I got unexpectedly stuck back home).  In terms of the never throw anything out, perhaps donate it to  a charity that's helps dress the less fortunate for work? They're definitely pieces that others will love.
text:What age did you start pinning down your style? And how many times has it changed since then?	labels:I had a school uniform til 17 and truly wore the most random clothing until I was done university. I never thought of the clothes I owned as a whole, and instead just picked up whatever piece of clothing caught my little magpie eye.   When I was about 23 I started looking at my clothes a bit more strategically in terms of “outfits” rather than “items” as in, if I want to have these cool funky pants then maybe I need to have a simple black shirt to go with it. When I started I definitely got sucked into the “essentials in every wardrobe” lists but in the last two years (since I was 24!!) or so I have learned stopped using those as a template for my own closet.   It also helped that I became a bit more confident in myself — I used to just want to blend in and be unnoticed and that showed in my wardrobe, but now I am happy to be wearing something a little more out there. I have always loved the ripped jeans, all black, big stompy boots look, but where I grew up was so not a big stompy boots country that you couldn’t even find items like that back in my day. Now that I’m older I’m more confident in wearing those kinds of items.    Since that is my main style I don’t vary too much from it, but I have been enjoying working on little “mini capsules” of items that are a style I like to delve into occasionally, such as a cowboy/cottagey look or just looking like a disco ball. I have a very narrow colour palette of 3 colours so  as long as my mini capsule items are the same three colours I can wear them head to toe for eg a full cottagey look, or I can just wear my peasant blouse and black jeans to tone it down. :)	episode_done:True
text:I love this because I had almost the complete opposite transition. I went from aspiring to have a slightly dressy, classic style 14-16, and then in the past year and a half (17 now too lol), I had a drastic shift towards recognizing that as put together as dressier styles look, it’s not for me.   Luckily, I barely had any clothes anyway, so heading off to college soon, I decided to focus on what I actually value (comfort above all, feeling like myself in clothes, and replacing things I currently wear a ton) and now find myself in a much more colorful (unless i’m feeling all black), streetwear-esque look. Yesterday, I wore an outfit that I can’t stop grinning about today, and that never used to happen before. Absolutely ecstatic getting to play with clothes in a way that isn’t 100% “trendy” and is just more *me*.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Fall 2020 Fit Battle - Elite 8 - Discussion	labels:HalfTheGoldTreasure vs **8888plasma**. plasma goes for restrained maximalism with a peacock print shirt and textured trousers. Shirt is interesting without being obnoxious and works well with the trousers. I feel that more could have been done with the footwear. Chuck feels like a (weaker?) rehash of last week with the lazy collar over a white sweater. I enjoyed last week's all-white more, felt more conceptual. The shirt looks interesting, but is hidden by the sweater.  Salutatorian vs **Rariora**. Rariora gives me great wfh vibes, with a cozy duster cardigan (dropped shoulders make it appropriately slouchy) over an eyecatching print. Trousers add further visual interest without being distrcting.  Salutatorian does something unexpected here by pairing winter socks in sandals with a very wintery pair of trousers. The jacket+turtleneck matches the cold weather theme, but its not as interesting as Rariora's offering.  NgoKnows vs **DeLaJoel**. Both come in hard. Joel's main is really amazingly well paired between the coat, the jacket, tee and trousers. Very pleasing. I'm not into the sandals but that might just be me. Ngo has a very cool vibe, bit more rugged and casual. I'm a sucker for the kind of refinement that Joel displays here, so he gets my vote.  thecomebackkid vs **Chunsak**. Chunsak's main made me audibly gasp. The fluffy coat over *that suit* is just too good. I'm even okay with these shoes under that suit, even though I normally ~~detest~~ don't like the wallabee shape. Thecomebackkid's tweed, flannel and (I think?) corduroy combo is great (and seasonally appropriate), but pales in comparison.
text:All great points!   What always got to me was that the "good" stuff always cost money.  It was like tailoring in that sense, where say Ring Jacket and Drake's clearly has a different aesthetic than H&M or J. Crew, but you just need to have the income to support it. And then of course for me, I'd rather have a nice jacket/shirt/etc than one watch.  Then there are vintage watches and swatches which are affordable and quirky, so it worked out at least for now. And I agree: nothing wrong with digital or quartz.  Hopefully others see your comment and they can also start collecting!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Has consulting a stylist really been a revelation to you?	labels:A few years ago i was feeling badly about myself following the end of a 4 year relationship. I decided to find a local personal shopper to go through my closet and help me decide what to keep/donate. She also provided me with ways to wear what i already had. From that, she created a list of things she thought i would need to add to my wardrobe according to my lifestyle and wants/needs. We then went to the mall a few days later and she brought in tons of things to try. The rule was that i had to show her everything, but i had the final say as to what i wanted to get. This was great because it also provided me with an opportunity to get more styling tips on items i don’t currently own but might consider moving forward.  Since then, i have felt so much more confident in how i dress and i constantly receive tons on compliments. I would 10/10 recommend this to anyone who wants to change their style or learn more about what looks best on them. I figured the $400 i spent on her was equivalent to how much money I’d spend on items i would never actually wear, and in the long run became an investment :).
text:My 2020 Clothing Challenge	labels:I actually love the red anthro dress on you. I get why you’re not a huge fan of the DVF dress, but that red anthropology dress looks amazing!	episode_done:True
text:Also applies to Jeeps.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Pretty frequently toe caps aren’t true (2 layers of leather). I don’t think it really helps that much. What you use for the structure and how they’re worn matter a lot more imo.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What were the fashion finds that made you cry of happiness?	labels:Wonderful black cowboy boots in Cody. Way on sale too! Wear them a lot, love them!	episode_done:True
text:Woahh what kind of summer tops that can be worn with a regular bra?  I need this!!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Inspo: From the BIPOC Owned Small Business Thread	labels:I'd never buy from a shop that uses the race, sex, gender, sexuality etc of the owner or staff as part of their advertising.	episode_done:True
text:Burberry is donating unused fabric to fashion students in need	labels:Burberry also recently paired up with sustainable fashion brand Rapanui to donate their fabric scraps, at least their trying aye	episode_done:True
text:I was gonna say I see this type of stuff all the time at the RRL store near me and at the one in LA.    They should consider LOWERING THEIR PRICES SO I CAN ACTUALLY ENJOY THEM too.	labels:In a way I'm grateful that RRL is silly expensive, because if it was affordable I'd probably wear absolutely fucking nothing else. On god i'd be a walking lookbook for that shit
text:Casual Wool Trousers	labels:Been on the lookout for a pair of wool trousers for quite a while. This post makes me want to buy a pair.  RIP my wallet haha	episode_done:True
text:Over time, the shoulders should loosen up a tad, but not a whole lot.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do you find your true style when you're surrounded by fast fashion?	labels:I feel this! I’ve been frustrated with browsing slow fashion/ethical niche brands lately, because while not fast fashion, they seem incredibly expensive and visually underwhelming for the most part. Shapeless and baggy just doesn’t look effortless on my body, and I’m far too grown to be going about half naked.   My solution has been looking to eras before fast fashion for inspiration, and learning about historical/couture techniques to sew myself the pieces I’m envisioning if I can’t thrift them (you could always get a tailor to make you something to fit too). Sketching has helped me a lot to think through shapes, colors, and how they look on my frame. It could change your perspective, instead of seeing clothes on other people and imagining yourself in them, start with a picture of yourself and imagine clothes that would make you comfortable and confident.	episode_done:True
text:Labor Day Sales Vortex of Doom	labels:To be honest, the best sales happened July/early Aug. Labor Day sales are generally weak.   Bloomingdales end of season sale is still there - sizes are selling out, but the stuff are still legit - 50% off or extra 50% off.
text:Never buy anything from FILA.com	labels:FILA was your first mistake.	episode_done:True
text:With Natacha Ramsay-Levi Leaving Chloé, Can We Stop Playing Designer Musical Chairs?	labels:There is plenty of diversity in fashion from Alexander Wang to Virgil Abloh. The article laments the loss of one designer at a particular fashion house.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- November 02	labels:T shirt question:  Has anyone had success finding tees similar to a Uniqlo supine fit but with a bit more length to them?	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Let's talk about Fall!!!	labels:I put on my Doc Martens. If there aren't any crunchy leaves yet, I put coffee beans or dried pumpkin seeds in my boots to feel the cronch.    Doc Martens are useful since you can be the sexy witch and the crochety grandpa in them, depending on what you put on.    I go by grandpa in the streets by wearing clothes, witch in the sheets by wearing only Doc Martens and nothing else.
text:General Discussion - November 21, 2020	labels:Hey fellow adults I can’t eat meals without spilling myself even tho I’m an adult who is an adult. What tips do you have for an adult who’s a messy eater despite being an adult?   Just curious if there are any other adults out there who struggle getting food from their plates to their mouth without using a baby’s bib?
text:Aw hell yeah, I'm so happy for you both!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:You don’t know me.	labels:Well for $140 you could buy 6, $20 white hoodies and $20 worth of dye and have 5 attempts to figure it out...  Frankly I don’t really subscribe to the whole “lol this costs more than it would to just make it yourself” thing in general, but, eh. Not sure how I feel in this case.
text:Big problem is sourcing stuff. I mostly buy used on ebay, but if I wanna shop used in person my choices are:  1. Company that hates the lgbt community  2. Company that pays people with disabilities $0.05 an hour to sort clothes  3. Two tiny Plato’s Closets that have been picked dry. I never find anything there.  We need thrift stores that aren’t just as awful as the regular ones.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:You know, I've noticed that too. Great tip!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What did you teach your mom about fashion?	labels:That bras can be lightly padded and not show your whole Nipple at all times. Think soft mesh unlined bras à la Friends to a basic modern bra.	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: What do your shoes say about you?	labels:Hey hey! You'd like to think you are creative and into fashion and not getting old but really you just wear the same pair of boots everyday because you have slowly started prioritizing comfort over style but still try to justify it as an actual ~aesthetic~ and totally not because you now have bunions and corns and fallen arches and other old feet problems (why do things between my toes now bother me?!). #Blundstones4Lyfe #oldhagat32
text:Who are your favorite fashion influencers on Youtube?	labels:DearlyBethany mixes a feminine and dark vibe.	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Albums: Quirky Professor/Librarian, Edgy Bohemian, and Governess Chic	labels:Thank you for naming these looks! I'm not well-versed in fashion, so it's great to put a name to the looks I frequent (literally all of these!!). :)	episode_done:True
text:My Wardrobe Post: Based on what I currently have, what should I wear with what? And an essay reflecting on learning to dress better.	labels:Any idea on what brand the orange/yellow/slate short sleeve shirt is?	episode_done:True
text:How much was your most expensive fashion item and when or how often do you wear it?	labels:My most expensive items are my Native American Turquoise jewelry and my cowboy boots. Just purchased a huge $900 squash blossom necklace and have worn it constantly. My boots range from $30 for a secondhand pair to $750 for custom made and none are worn more or less than the others.  When my mother passed, she was 88. I went to clean out her closet and drawers and found so many lovely things that were carefully boxed away or wrapped in tissue that she was “saving for good”. Ironically, “good” apparently never came as these things went unused.  I decided right then to never do that. Every day is special and I am worth taking the time to look and feel special even if I’m just out running errands.
text:Trying to get into jewelry	labels:I think it really depends, one thing I noticed is that I didn't care much about quality jewelry until I was gifted an expensive ring. Before that I only bought fast fashion/forever 21 jewelry that pretty much lasted a handful of wears before it started turning my skin green and got really gross. After the expensive ring experience (maybe due to me worried i'd lose the ring so much) I started really caring about quality and it really makes a world of difference and gives each piece you receive/buy for yourself a lot of meaning.	episode_done:True
text:My jeans criteria are similar. I wear men's APCs.	labels:Thanks for the tip! I’m a little skeptical of men’s jeans though because I have 24” thighs, 39” hips and 29” waist. I’m trying to find a tailor I like to see if I can get my newest pair altered, b cause it fits the rest of my standards.
text:Supreme has no problem with resale	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What's been your experience with men's stores/departments?	labels:I used to get heaps of stuff at the men's as well. Some  pieces are much nicer when made for them, don't ask me why.  Just go there and if you feel uncomfortable you can always say you have to try them on in order to see whether it fits your husband/partner/boyfriend/etc.   I actually did this many times, including for my dad, bc I knew how it shd look on me in order to fit them (sleeve length, shoulders etc).  Staff shd not really care, I guess -?   Imho, trousers are a bit trickier but I have bought men's shorts and pants as well, you just have to check them out and see....  Good luck and happy shopping :)	episode_done:True
text:Accessories newbie and am not sure where to start...what are your must-have starter pieces?	labels:Scarves are my go to. Both because I’m a cold person, and because they are so easy to mix and match and change things up.   I’d recommend getting some that are 100% silk, they are so comfortable and easy to wear. You can pick them up fairy cheaply on eBay and similar places. Have a play around with how to tie them (Pinterest is a great resource!) and have fun 😊	episode_done:True
text:Sheer genius planning there!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 21	labels:I've recently learned from MFA that  if you are under 6' tall you are considered "short AF"
text:Sweatshirt	labels:	episode_done:True
text:was just about to comment this too!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Sustainability and "Indulgence" in Era of the Rona	labels:I just did a very similar thing with a pair of boots I got for $7 at the thrift store. They’re a beautiful shade of light blue and were faded, stained and creased. I just knew I could clean them up though. Well, they came out looking almost brand new with a little leather cleaner and a LOT of conditioning! I was even able to iron out all the toe creases, which was a whole new level of satisfying
text:I have seen those combos work but not on me. I can't pull it off. Takes a very particular balance of how the person looks and the items themselves imo.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:sounds awesome. pic?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone else have this style issue?	labels:One thing we don’t talk about much is the importance of tailoring and undergarments for those 50s and 60s looks.  There’s a reason a lot of the actresses on Mad Men had to wear crinolines and girdles and cone bras with their costumes; that’s what created the silhouette.  Also 50s and 60s inspired clothes that have a lot of stretch in the fabric won’t hang or move the same. ETA:  oops, I see you said ‘men’s fashion’.  The part of my comment re: tailoring and fabric content still applies!	episode_done:True
text:I (M/39) just bought some bright yellow, women's, terry loungepants from August November. What wonderful "non-female" fashion items have you purchased recently? Do you ever dip into the men's section?	labels:I always look in the men’s section for tshirts, hoodies, and flannels! Men’s flannels are so much better than women’s flannels
text:What are your feelings on thrifting from “problematic” brands?	labels:The company already made money off of the original purchase of the shirt, so you buying second hand doesn’t really benefit them in any way. If you really want the item, buying it second hand is probably the most ethical choice you can make. If someone asks where the piece is from, just say you don’t know so they won’t be tempted to buy from the brand lol
text:People who built your wardrobe consciously from scratch - what were your strategies?	labels:Okay, I would start with two pairs of nice jeans, two pairs of leggings, one set of pajamas. 5 undergarments and 5 socks. 2 good bras. Three casual tops and one going out top. One warm jacket and one fashion jacket. One sweater. One nice dress and one nice pair of heels. A pair of sneakers, boots, and flats or sandals. To start! You can always add in a cardigan that matches to other things. I hope this helps?	episode_done:True
text:Assuming you're not trying to troll, I'll give you a solid answer.   I went to schools that had uniforms, for 8 years, the same thing ad infinitum. I love high fashion/couture and its been like that since I was a kid. It's art. I used to just admire the looks that came down the runway. Now when I look at lines, I put them in my cart and buy what I like *(on sale cause retail is for suckerssss).* I can't be bothered with business casual looks & fast fashion like H&M, Gap, Asos, J. Crew, etc. I'm simply sharing my aesthetic. Not everyone likes an abstract Picasso, but they understand that it's art nonetheless.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Capsule wardrobes?	labels:real question - what's the difference between "capsule" and "uniform"? I have a tendency to wear the same thing, or very similar things
text:Best and Worst Purchase of 2020	labels:Worst: A 2020 Planner.   Best: A Dog (Currently fast asleep beside me)
text:The suit looks dark grey to my eye, though monitor may be misleading.  If it is indeed dark grey/charcoal, I would not recommend navy pants, I'd suggest a lighter grey with no pattern that is very noticeably lighter than the jacket. Agree with the above poster that the goal here isn't to match, but to contrast in a... Controlled... way, especially since you're planning for a funeral.  White shirt, simple/plain tie in any dark color (black or grey would be traditional for a funeral, but dark blue, burgundy, or dark green would be fine as well).	labels:My monitor leads me to mid greyish.... if it's on a darker spectrum, probably black slacks could do either, although depends on the colour of a pair of shoes.
text:I would love to post pics once I find some stuff! I think maybe that's where it's getting muddled up: I don't think I asked if I could pull it off, I was just asking where to get them.	labels:You didn't ask, but people often skip considering whether they _should_ before they go full steam ahead and start spending money. Since this is an advice sub and the people asking questions are generally new to this and unsure of what they're doing, people here tend to err on the side of caution especially when it comes to more niche styles like this.	episode_done:True
text:Fall Fit Battle - Final Four - Voting	labels:NgoKnows vs Chunsak	episode_done:True
text:At a horrible toxic job, getting packages was the only piece of happiness I got every day. Didn't matter if it was coffee filters from Amazon, just the fact that something good would happen to me at work was enough to help me make it through the day.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:NYT: Jil Sander is back, with a new Uniqlo collaboration and a lot of opinions.	labels:I just went to Uniqlo in Japan to check it out.  it was nuts.  The mens side looked like a warzone, and this was during lunch on a workday  the women's side had this super long queue  The Uniqlo site was also down for hours! although its partially back up now but the Jil sander collection is inaccessible.	episode_done:True
text:White T-Shirt Tier List - Penguinz0	labels:How do you avoid those unsightly yellow stains from forming around your armpits? Asking for a friend	episode_done:True
text:Hell yes	labels:	episode_done:True
text:RRL is still amazing.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Uniqlo and Gap/Banana Republic have tons of options.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:They got them, but not in my area to try on sadly	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I thought this was male fashion ADVICE, stop enforcing rules on what I can post.  I thought this was male FASHION advice, stop posting anime and pages from architectural digest.  I thought this was male FASCIO NAD VICE, post more Nazi CBT.	labels:male fashion ADVICE -> stop posting weird shit  male FASHION advice -> stop posting basic shit	episode_done:True
text:I’m obsessed with them, I collect their textiles! Such high quality and awesome	labels:	episode_done:True
text:FAQ: What is the environmental impact of different fabrics?	labels:This subject has been well researched and published. If you’re genuinely interested in diving into this topic I’d recommend looking into any of the online resources
text:Good quality men's jeans?	labels:> * The crotch tearing (this one's a reoccurring theme) * The dye running onto white shoes (probably the cheapest pair I've had has done this) * The jeans losing their shape/fit and turning loose  1. This happens when your thighs rub together and there's not enough fabric slack there. You may want to try sizing up at the thigh. Also, get a few pairs and rotate so that each pair only sees a third or a quarter of the wears instead of one pair getting it all.  2. This is called crocking, where indigo flakes off/falls off when abraded against something else. That's part of indigo, whether you're talking about jeans, jean jackets, etc. You can help remove excess dye with a wash and try a magic eraser on your shoes.  3. That's normal. The warp/weft weave will stretch out like a sweater after each wear, becoming noticeable in time. Wash them when they get too out of shape.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 02, 2021	labels:Looking for something that can be worn over a t-shirt or bare-chested, that can be washed everyday. I don't know if a hoodie can be/should be washed everyday.   I currently wear a really old and over sized light sweater sort of thing over my t-shirt at home. By the end of the day there's enough sweat in it for me to feel like giving it wash (courtesy my post meal walks)   So what do I do ?	episode_done:True
text:Difficulty distinguishing between so 'idealized' style and personal style?	labels:I struggle with what I like vs what looks good on me. I like the puff sleeve tight dress girly trend, but my inverted triangle body type could never.   I realize I’m more of a comfort/flatter shopper than style/color. I use trunk club now and it’s been amazing for picking out things that look good on me with safe picks and “just try it” picks. It’s helped me find what looks good on me so i have an easier time shopping and figuring out my style.	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone else have this style issue?	labels:I feel this. In my case I think the problem stems from me getting pieces that I like aesthetically but that have something wrong with them that I ignored/didn’t realize until later. For instance I got these shorts that looked really cute but got really wrinkly around the crotch after I’d sat down, and then they just looked like a monstrosity. Like my entire outfit was completely overshadowed by my goddamn crotch haha. I ended up donating them because I realized that even though they were a style I liked and a great color, the fabric was not right for me. Getting a good pair of khakis that flatter your curves will go a long way. Get them tailored if there is something wrong with the fit on an otherwise good pair of pants. Just look for that holy grail pair that fits you nicely, and don’t buy stuff that is *almost* good enough but has a problem (unless it’s a problem tailoring can fix).	episode_done:True
text:clothes that you've made or altered significantly by hand that you're particularly proud of?	labels:Ok so back in uni I had a crush on this boy who was ignoring me and I wanted to look cute... I had this cotton jacket with a bunch of buttons and zips, vaguely military style ish, that I loved the detail of but it kinda fit like a sack. So I took in the side seams and added darts and got it to fit perfectly, then wore it all the time, and it was probably more the confidence than the coat but my hopes about getting what I wanted with him were more than realized. So yeah, home tailoring was an integral part of psyching myself into pursuing my dreams there.	episode_done:True
text:Aww I'm glad you liked it! I personally don't know enough about the industry either to know what time of the year designers start to work on their collections but reading the accompanying articles of the shows, many designers sighted social distancing/work from home/comfort as being key aspects they sought to incorporate into their collections so I believe you're correct!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I live in Paris and used to work on commercial ships... The most popular hat I've seen on young french women... Carhartt beanie, $20 bucks.... Industry favorite too.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How to combine colors	labels:Instructions unclear, all black it is.
text:Messy eaters? Tell your stories and hacks / fixes.	labels:Eat nude as often as possible 😂  But seriously, clumsy/messy eating is the number one reason I have to buy new clothes	episode_done:True
text:Messy eaters? Tell your stories and hacks / fixes.	labels:Tide pens bring them everywhere abs any time you do stain and are done eating go to the bathroom and wet the stain then dab with paper towels
text:How do you challenge yourself?	labels:There was a time when I only wore hoodies, then I only wore sweaters. To diversify, i started by trying to buy different colors (I mostly had grey, black and green). At first I found it really hard to wear a different 'bolder' color. Once I felt comfortable with colors, I tried to buy different texture or materials. And now that I have different texture I'm trying different cuts. It's been a fun process and I was taking it very slow because I was so used to only wearing hoodies that anything else felt weird.	episode_done:True
text:Your favorite ___ for $___: Sweatpants	labels:# What should we do next?
text:How has the quality changed over the years at some of your fav brands?	labels:I feel like Abercrombie and Fitch has turned around! I love all the dresses I've bought from them - almost all have been lined and a lot of them have pockets! I'm so pleased.
text:I collect high heels and the like. Why, they make me look taller and thinner which while tall means I look less bulky.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What's your fashion miracle?	labels:I purchased a gorgeous silk baby pink button up. I thought I bought it in a petite small but I accidentally got a petite large. Too big! Just a couple of weeks ago I decided to sell/donate it. Afterwards,  I went to shop at goodwill...I found the exact same blouse in a petite small! For $4!!!!!	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- November 02	labels:Does anyone know a good alternative to Ksubi chitch jeans?	episode_done:True
text:Same! LOL. I have basically only used the outerwear I need for my outdoor weightlifting class. And really none of my actual items have gotten much use.   But I did get a wool blend long coatigan from J. crew with an abstract leopard print in the fall. This was a big hit. It pills a little like most knits. But it is super warm, and adds a little fun to a basic outfit. Each time I have worn it several people have appreciated it as well.  I anticipate it will be a winter staple.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Solid.  j crew for 2021. Good place to get basics + extra pieces. Seems a bit expensive to me (but I mostly shop online and a lot of my basics are covered).   As far as design: softer, lighter, casual take on prep and workwear. Trendy, but inoffensively so. Brunch boyfriend core. Doesn’t have as strong brand identity as polo or j crew, but way more flavor than say gap. More expensive than mall tier but not being into by the lux prep basics like saturdays or Todd Snyder.	labels:LOL Brunch boyfriend core is the perfect way to describe it	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone have tips on how to find good stuff from Poshmark and other online thrift shopping platforms?	labels:As someone who makes a decent amount of money casually flipping niche designers, it's become a bit of an arms race of bots/scrapers/market data warehousing for finding true steals.   Focusing on one or two designers (monobrand4lyfe) and learning the market well enough to flip items and pay for your retail purchase of what you _actually_ want is almost more reliable than hoping you find what fourteen seasons past item in your size in good condition.	episode_done:True
text:Snow Peak Fall/Winter 2020	labels:This is the world where Wes Anderson was the designer for Gucci x North Face.	episode_done:True
text:This is such a basic job you can trust any local dry cleaner who does alterations.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Styling suggestions: Have an item you don’t know how to wear? Comment here and let someone style it for you!	labels:Black Leather Trucker Jacket  I’m having trouble pairing it with stuff Thanks everyone.	episode_done:True
text:What are some unexpected surprises you've found with certain clothing brands that are known for other things?	labels:Tecovas is known for boots but their other stuff is solid, their duffel bag is nice.	episode_done:True
text:Thoughts on jumpsuits?	labels:They're difficult for those of us who are different sizes on top and bottom (even more so than dresses, IMO).
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 08, 2020	labels:I recently got some Bonobos Athletic Fit Washed Chinos. I am very happy with the fit, and I've noticed quite a few other brands now have similar "Athletic Fit" pants. Target, Banana Republic, J Crew, American Eagle, Abercrombie & Fitch, etc.      Has anybody tried and compared these? What has been your experience with different brands in Athletic Fit, with regard to quality and how they fit? What is your favorite?      I will probably just buy more pairs of the Bonobos (after they are eventually restocked and go on sale again), but I figured I would ask about other brands first.	episode_done:True
text:Join us at /r/Ostriches. We do a pretty good job of keeping our heads in the sand.	labels:Yikes I can’t even talk about it? Sounds like fun to me I’ll be there	episode_done:True
text:Favorite outfit?	labels:Black sleeveless turtleneck and jeans, with a metal watch. It makes me look professional yet cute-casual. x	episode_done:True
text:Were you able to make use of any of your mother's special items that were packed away and never used?	labels:While her things had so much sentimental value for me, our styles were vastly different so I can’t say that any of it was of use to me other than the mink jacket that my father gave her for their 30th wedding anniversary ( and she wore only twice because she was “saving it for good”). I’ve kept it to be restyled into a fur vest as I have a fake one that I wear constantly, so I know I’ll use it.	episode_done:True
text:2020 Fall Fit Battle - Championship - Discussion	labels:Plasmaboi snapped 🔥🔥🔥	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge: Dress Like An Architect OR Pacific Northwest Style	labels:If you want to dress like the one, just get black leggings and a north face puffy vest jacket.
text:Can't wait until I can wear this again. Right now I'd freeze to death. So I throw my huge loose owl onesie over it.	labels:Girl if I can’t wear this around the house that means the heat isn’t turned up enough!  jk pls don’t freeze 🥶
text:Same, My mom would set outfits together in the closet at first but I would always mix and match so she eventually stopped at around 4 years old. As long as I had clothes on my body appropriate for the weather she let me do what I wanted (even from before I could actually put on the clothes on my own). Some days I would literally put on a clown wig with my clothes and my mom let me roll with it. I’m 24 now but we did a lot of shopping limited too and thrifting at the goodwill &salvation army. My sister and I were the same size in everything until after we graduated high school so we always shared a single wardrobe. I could pick out what I wanted (within reason) even from a really early age.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Thrifting lovers, what are your favorite thrift stores?	labels:My local Goodwill, is... adequate.  I've found some decent things, there but nothing amazing; it's overshopped, but one could find good things if one went regularly. There's a spot on the far side of town that's a great for, like, furniture and winter coats, but I don't hit it often.  We had a Salvation Army but it was, like all the other Salvation Armies in the area, incredibly terrible and I'm not sad it's gone.  The best spot in my town is the Hospital Thrift store.  It gives serious 'little old lady' vibes, but also consistently has very wearable, quality items as well as cool, funky stuff that's nice to look at.  Bonus is that it's tiny  (Covfefe restrictions have pushed the store limit to 10,) so digging around doesn't take long and is well worth the effort.	episode_done:True
text:5 miles is 8.05 km	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Do You Ever See A Cute Outfit, Try To Replicate It And End Up Hating It On Yourself? How Did You Fix That? Did You Ever Get The Answer As To Why It Didn't "Look Right" On You?	labels:Yes!  I’ve also got broad shoulders due to lifting and a naturally muscular build while also being slim, but I’m also only 4’11, so I have to shop in petites.  Most petites are first of all still not short enough for someone under 5 feet (like, why is 5’4 considered petite?), and second are cut narrower, which is the opposite of what I need.  I typically end up with pants with stretch so it fits at my waist while also fitting around my thighs and sweaters/tops that are a size or two too big for my stomach so that my shoulders don’t look ridiculous.	episode_done:True
text:Winter Whites: a White Pants After Labor Day Inspo Album	labels:Great album. Thanks for putting it together!  Speaking of carpenter’s pants... Anyone have the Stan ray 80s painters pants who can comment on sizing? Hard to find much online about them.	episode_done:True
text:The Conscious and Somber Decision of Solid Jacketing	labels:I read a great portion of the essay, and what I felt was a great compliment to some of these outfits were 1) the green watch I think the OP wore, and 2) the orange watch worn by a red headed gentleman at Drake’s.  Very nice pieces indeed, and I really felt they complimented the solid colorways of the jackets, and the striped colorways of the shirts.	episode_done:True
text:How to Combat Fashion Apathy?	labels:It is OK to take a breather, rather than insisting that something HAS to bring you joy. You got issues with current clothes fashion and choices, and maybe take a breather, figure a few things out. Maybe your style is due to a change. Enjoy what you have or feel like wearing (loose boyfriend jeans and plaid flannel tops can be a look, just do not look down on it). Take a breather, no stress.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 09, 2020	labels:God the shade towards fashion students in that thread was annoying.   I don’t mind if people didn’t like what Burberry did, but why shade fashion students **in a fashion sub**??   Do they not realize these people are working to be the same people that designed clothes that ultimately trickled to the blandness they wear?   Not only does it reek of typical tech-bro toxicity, but so reminiscent of Andy in that Devil Wears Prada scene about the cerulean blue sweater.
text:The capes thread feels like an /all thread even though it’s just mfa lurkers	labels:It's the same picture.	episode_done:True
text:>many many clothing items that say "dry clean only" can be washed either by hand, or in the machine on a delicate setting with wool wash or other gentle low-suds detergent.  I agree a lot of things can be washed at home! Heck, I've even thrown dry clean only items into the washer + air dry because I'm cheap and bought the garment cheap and wanted to see the outcome. I wash my woolens in a sink with woolite, and put them in the washer on spin to remove the water. I recently hand washed a suit jacket with no negative repercussions, it could use a bit of a steam on the shoulders, but otherwise A-OK.  The only thing I worry about is silk, of which I own very little. I have put my silk items in the washer and air dried and they were fine but the wrinkles were hard to get out, but I'm curious what others do.	labels:I second the hand steamer. It is a game changer - and way less annoying to setup than my ironing board.	episode_done:True
text:Favorite fashion impracticalities	labels:Big statement sleeves. Bell, tulip, bishop, balloon, puff sleeves, big cuffs, ruffles what have you, that never fit into a coat, can't be rolled up, get in the way of washing your hands, dipping into your food. But damn if they don't add immediate interest to an outfit.
text:How do you decide what clothes you “need”?	labels:It starts with your personal style. If you don’t have one or you don’t know what it is, than your shopping habits will show that.   What I used to do was take photos of myself wearing the clothes I liked that I already owned, and when I’d shop, I’d try on clothes and see if they were fitting in a way that would both accommodate my style and also the other clothes. It helped me choose clothing that wouldn’t go weeks together in terms of length. I also used to take photos of my closet so I could avoid buying things I may have forgotten about.	episode_done:True
text:What are your tips for dressing a big chest!	labels:I have big boobs and I love turtlenecks bc they show off my chest and waist but don't show any skin. I especially right now love a tight black turtleneck, loose vintage jeans and black combat boots.  In the summer I really like off-shoulder tops bc it shows skin without it being cleavage.    I only show cleavage in a loose top. I have a chiffon skinny strap flowy top that I love wearing all seasons with or without a cardigan or denim jacket. I also have linen long sleeve top with bell sleeves that is very cleavagey in a flattering way.    Hope this gives you some inspo! I don't have pics but if you put some of the descriptors I used +outfits on Pinterest, that could help!	episode_done:True
text:Seconding Gorman. They sometimes collaborate with Indigenous Australian artists as well.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:It’s almost as if this sub polices itself.	labels:We all see everything that happens here.  Nobody would dare act independently.	episode_done:True
text:WshoeWT - November 17, 2020	labels:not fucking dress sneakers let me tell you	episode_done:True
text:Guidi Leather Tannery Family History, Interview	labels:when will r se a vil cut a pair open? i’d love to hear his dumbass take on guidi  i actually didn’t realize it was a family name and family owned this whole time  also 792v will always be on my list but i will never find the energy to purchase them even if i have the money
text:I am in awe. I've had great hauls at thrift stores but you hit the motherlode.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 13, 2021	labels:Quarantine hair is officially out of control. I'm starting to look like a hockey player from the 70s. To further cement the look I'm growing a moustache and it's not going terribly tbh.
text:You sometimes get lucky shopping clearance. I paid $15 for my camel blazer at target, it's nothing fancy just the Target in house Goodfellow brand, but it fits right and feels good.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What am I supposed to do with my head post-chemo?	labels:Aww, I was gonna tell you to join bald club, we're cool.	episode_done:True
text:Nicholas Daley Fall/Winter 2020	labels:Hmm very weird looking shoes	episode_done:True
text:2 years post baby and just finally finished breastfeeding. Lol when you did it would only take a year to lose the weight!   Those last 10 pounds are a bitch. The two months of quarantine gin and tonics did not help.	labels:Yeah, it basically took me 6 months to lose the final 5 lbs.  I wasn't willing to cut carbs or go below 1500 calories, so it was a lot of back and forth and plateaus.	episode_done:True
text:WEEKLY DEALZ	labels:Bloomingdales has 25% off almost everything if you shop on their app with code APP25
text:Adapting to age/workplace appropriate attire while staying true to yourself [discussion]	labels:I still buy from the junior's section and I'm 31. A) I'm only 5'2" and B) it's sometimes cheaper. I just try to make sure that I don't wear something to work that my students would wear. Beyond that, the sky's the limit. I'm known for dressing up anyway.  Look for sturdier materials rather than "slub" ones, and pay close attention to fit. I look better in form-fitting clothes or items with a defined waist, and avoid the long and loose T-shirt dresses. If material and fit are good, I find that nobody can really tell that it's a dress designed for twelve year-olds.	episode_done:True
text:Unique brands/boutiques in your city?	labels:In Berlin I love Kaliko bags, they are plant dyed most beautifully.  Also it's from South Germany but they sell in Berlin - - Manomama makes sustainable denim and other clothes, and employs "unemployable" women to make it.   In Kraków check out Mapaya, they do Avantgarde yet minimalist clothing that is for the most part handspun and plant-dyed, and the designer is a really nice young woman.   Also in Kraków there is the Idee Fixe boutique with only local designers.	episode_done:True
text:People who used to play super safe with fashion, how did you overcome your fear of bold choices?	labels:Here's the best advice I've ever heard in my life: No one is looking at you, thinking about you, critiquing you as much as you think they are.  Everyone is busy looking at, thinking about, critiquing themselves.  So wear what makes you happy! Try new things!   Edited for concision.
text:Thanks for this writeup. I am in the middle of purging for a garage sale and want to really pair it way down. Now I can a few from each category of either WOF, I&O, HTHs. Great idea	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Just Betty out did you appreciate Megan as well? Because those are two totally different styles! I do appreciate Megan more bohemian look, definitely a style icon in her own right.	labels:He divorced both Betty and Megan, haha! But yeah Megan is my favorite. She will always be an eternal light for me. She is my fashion and vibe end game through and through.	episode_done:True
text:Hot take everything is a costume.   Most people wear pants designed for mining (jeans) with shoes designed to be used for athletic purposes (sneakers) with a top designed to be underwear (t-shirt) the only reason this doesn't look odd to us is because of slow societal acceptance and popular people in our society helping speed this up (James Dean wearing teeshirts and jeans Thom Brown bringing the slim fit suit back).	labels:I feel like we’re talking about two different things. I don’t see anything wrong with distinguishing between more day to day wearable pieces and much more outwardly avant-gard looks, even if they’re from a designer such as Rick who is acclaimed and popular to people who have familiarity with high fashion.  If I understand you correctly you’re talking about how functional items have become fashionable or are used beyond their original purpose (like jeans or like a leather biker off of a motorcycle) but that isn’t really what Rick is? He’s not starting from a functional utilitarian perspective. I only meant that this looks like it straddles the line better between more “normal” casual looks and full “high fashion” looks in an interesting way.
text:Do you: 1) keep all of your wardrobe equally diverse, or 2) keep all of your wardrobe minimal, or 3) keep some pieces relatively similar while diversifying others?	labels:The majority of my closet consists of thrifted slips, anything plaid, and sweatshirts! Also lots of oversized coats and button-ups. As for shoes, I (unintentionally) have mostly one brand but I love boots and loafers	episode_done:True
text:No. But you don’t actually need to be at max comfort every second of every day, most clothing out there isn’t really uncomfortable, but if your baseline is “just as comfortable as sweats” you aren’t gonna find anything.  Anyway, corduroy, heavy cotton twill, and wool are all equally or close to as comfortable as sweatpants ime, and def look more presentable, wool especially is super comfy	labels:>But you don’t actually need to be at max comfort every second of every day  this is my goal tbh	episode_done:True
text:Then learn to be a professional regardless of what you're wearing	labels:I'm positively drowning in the empathy, thank you.
text:FAQ: Why/ when/ how do you cuff jeans?	labels:**Why:** to make the hemline higher, to provide a visual break between your pants and your shoes (useful if they're a similar colour), or because they are raw denim that will bleed on your shoes excessively if you don't. I suppose some people also cuff in order to flex the selvedge ID, but why condemn yourself to a life of fruitlessly hoping that somebody will notice your selvedge ID?  **How:** idk, you just kind of roll them up. Usually a width of about an inch looks good, but experiment with wider or narrower cuffs as well as with the height of the hem and see what looks good.
text:Not if you live in a country with laws	labels:	episode_done:True
text:When will I be "too old" to look cute, cool, hip, whatever?	labels:22? Sorry bruh. You missed it already.  You need to dive into "Japanese grandfather gardening" look right away but only buy Korean brands to keep your edge.	episode_done:True
text:All I'm saying is hold all parties involved responsible.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Pendleton, Barbour, L.L. Bean, MNML, Patagonia, Club Monaco, J. Crew, Bonobos	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Is 2020 the year of the 'house dress?' On comfort as a 'trend'.	labels:I think the “oversized comfort dress” trend and the “no bra/bralette/soft bra only” trend intersect nicely.	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone have a "uniform"?	labels:This sub celebrates all sorts of fashion but not everyone is up for endless variety. If this is something you’re keen about, you should go for it. But slowly - make sure that the multiple versions of one outfit is something you really love wearing and won’t get bored of before you buy more  If this is more like an area you are exploring due to frustration of having nothing to wear, consider a capsule wardrobe instead. It’s much more involved and intentional than coming up with a uniform but it is a little more flexible	episode_done:True
text:Have you tried eating over the bowl instead of over your shirt you fucking degenerate	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I'm right there with you. Case in point, as an ivy/prep leaning guy, it seems like for every article claiming prep is dead because J. Crew and Brooks Brothers are floundering, you can find an article talking about how prep is on the rise because of Rowing Blazers, Aime Leon Dore, Noah NYC, and Drake's.	labels:Likewise with classic menswear, tons of microbrands and private label popping up and gaining traction like Yeossal, Natalino, Sons of Henrey, Cavour, Collaro, etc.	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge: Layering - Submissions!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Ladies with eczema or sensitive skin, what kind of leisure wear, tights, and leggings do you buy?	labels:I LOVE Aerie leggings! I usually look for ones with some cotton content (100% synthetic irritates my skin.) But I just bought the Aerie offline goals leggings and they are like butter. No irritation, so comfy. And leggings are 25% off right now on the app!	episode_done:True
text:Cold weather friendly skirts and dresses	labels:I also hate wearing pants. Don’t know how cold we’re talking but up to around  40 F, I would pretty much wear any autumn-y skirt/dress and rely on my wool tights, knee high leather boots, and a long wool coat to provide warmth for my lower body. Personally, most of the skirts I chose to wear were 100% cotton denim, leather, or suede!
text:General Discussion - December 18, 2020	labels:Drake's have repaired my jumper and I'll have it back by Tuesday yay   In related news so much cheese in the house is gonna make losing weight this month mighty difficult	episode_done:True
text:The Very Useful Black Sweater	labels:Wtf undershirt do y’all wear under your sweaters? I find that crew neck sweaters always seem to have wider head holes than my undershirts. And I don’t live the “sweater over poplin buttondown” life anymore
text:What Are Your Regional Fashion Stereotypes?	labels:In Alaska you see a lot of work wear.  Flannel, denim, suspenders, and especially car hardts.  I went to a black tie event before Covid and several guys were in black car hardts.  No one said anything.    Also, this is tangential to fashion, but we don’t use umbrellas.
text:2 chest pockets, 2 hip pockets, 2 inside pockets, two map pockets, 2 pen pockets, and 1 sandwich pocket	labels:Only one sandwich pocket?!  Pass.
text:How do you shop in COVID?	labels:I find some websites also have good customer service centers where you can ask questions about sizing and get a better idea of fit. So I'd find those companies and just reach out.   That said, I certainly have just stuck with what I know - no new styles for me! I was eyeing up a very nice jacket and even put it in my cart only to panic and abandon the order, because I just wasn't sure the style would work on me.	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Black Like Your Soul (and wardrobe) Friday	labels:Hubby and I bought a nondescript van at an abandoned vehicle auction and painted the CDC logo on the side. We’d roll up to the store, park right on the curb, and charge inside wearing hazmat suits and yelling for people to clear the area. It was a luxurious private shopping experience. We hauled our purchased goods out in a silver trunk marked “biological waste” and no one was the wiser.  The kids? Oh, we just left them in the vehicle. They would’ve blown our cover and whined incessantly about being hungry. Besides, I needed the room in my cart. I left it running, I’m not a monster...	episode_done:True
text:Happy 11/11 - the day that most resembles corduroy	labels:The Uniqlo U and collaboration with JW Anderson cords are very good this season.	episode_done:True
text:It's mostly totally stupid and arcane, and there's no reason at all to understand it if you're outside the UK!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:They have a wool jacket I want so bad but it’s $100 more than what other brands offer for the same fabric and quality. For close to $300 I can have two of another or buy Brooks Brothers on sale.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Casual Fridays - What do you like to wear?	labels:My office is casual but one of my go-to's is colored skinny jeans (olive, maroon, peach) with a denim button down. Flats or booties with gold stud earrings ties it together nicely.	episode_done:True
text:Experience with fast fashion brands for office casual clothes (Shein, Fashion Nova, etc)?	labels:Full disclosure: I am not addressing any ethics concerns in my comment.   I've ordered a few times from Shein. I've gotten some really nice unique and flattering things that I get a lot of compliments on. I've only returned things that I didn't like on myself, not because they weren't as pictured. I find the exact measurements of every size and picture reviews very helpful. Don't order anything without reviews, at a minimum text reviews, and triple check the measurements and material on each item. I found the shipping to be decently quick and my refunds were processed quickly. No complaints.
text:Shitpost Saturday: Party Outfit	labels:I'd like to submit my neighbor for consideration: I live in a rural area and he is an old man with long hair, a long beard, and not many teeth. He's currently dancing in the road wearing nothing but shorts and an american flag, waving a Biden sign.
text:Sweats and Hoodies	labels:All I wear are are sweatpants and hoodies and I kinda feel like a badass when I wear a big coat. Also 500th upvote pog!	episode_done:True
text:Where do you find inspiration for your Outfits?	labels:I have a pinterest board that I'm constantly adding things to and whenever I need inspo or go shopping or thrifting I look at it!	episode_done:True
text:Your Go-To Tee Is Actually a Turtleneck	labels:You lose a lot of heat in the neck	episode_done:True
text:I think there's a real danger in "Toxic Masculinity" being used too casually, to the point it becomes easy to ignore by the people who might benefit most from coming to understand it.	labels:Similarly with "OCD" having been such a common term for people who just tend to be particular – it really diminishes the severity of what OCD can be for people suffering from what can be a debilitating mental condition	episode_done:True
text:The Origins of Hermès' Colour Mark	labels:What a great site! Thanks for that! :)	episode_done:True
text:What's the craziest item you've bought during quarantine?	labels:i dont think the craziest thing was any particular item that i bought over quarantine, but rather the sheer amount that i bought over quarantine 😔
text:I agree with frequenting the place weekly. Sometimes I go there and find nothing but finding that one obscure gem is worth it. I found a beautiful comfy Lauren Moshi sweatshirt one day for $30 and thought I hit the jackpot.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What The Designer Behind Common Projects Did Next	labels:I kinda want it really bad, like all of it.  Lounge chair most of all.	episode_done:True
text:My 10x10 Capsule wardrobe challenge results	labels:I’ve never tried the challenge myself so it’s cool when others do and share their results.  I think outfit #9 works best because of the colours (green and white are dispersed well visually on top and bottom), the fabric weight matches for the top and bottom, and the contrast in size/busy-ness of the patterns.  I think #2 is my least favourite because it looks like you’re kinda divided into 3 harsh segments (black / blue / black). Maybe if you had something blue on top it could help integrate the outfit better? Like maybe a blue necklace or scarf or some other accessory with some blue.	episode_done:True
text:Review: Brunello Cucinelli Men's Deerskin Derby Shoes	labels:I'm just curious, how durable are these?  Most deerskin products I've seen seem quite fragile and prone to tears.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 26, 2020	labels:Short: I need recommendations for flashy street clothes that aren't some scam site from China/Asia. Some things like urban, biker, and steampunk (without so much emphasis on skulls).  Long: I came across a Facebook ad for some clothes I liked and quickly realized it was a Wish-esque outlet from China. Would be fine but I've heard bad things and the sizing is always off. Buggy website, too.  Problem is, the algorithms picked u on it and I keep seeing ads for exactly the clothes I want, but they all reveal themselves to be clones of the same outlets as the same items and site issues appear.  I'm okay with paying a hair more than they advertise if it means not worrying about who I'm buying from or making sure the sizing fits. Which sites do you prefer?	episode_done:True
text:Show me your fall boots!	labels:I got 2 new boots! I got a kids size black doc martens and I got a pair of kookaburra Ugg’s! I made a mistake of wearing the Ugg’s for a 45 minute walk and literally walked a huge blister into my heel. Other than that, they are so comfy and cozy. The docs are comfortable but don’t have a skirt to pair them with yet!	episode_done:True
text:When I think of an old man, I think of Larry David: ill fitting jacket with sweatpants and a tee shirt! Could be the context but with brown checks, I think of Drakes, The Armoury, and even all the old illustrations and photographs.	labels:Yeah maybe I just need to look at more positive examples haha	episode_done:True
text:How do deal with being pressure to find “classics” and “timeless pieces” when you feel your style is constantly changing?	labels:I think I figured out how to ditch that pressure after I realized that I didn't like most items in all those "10 things every girl should have in her closet" listicles. I know that's less about trendiness, but it is about realizing that "classic" pieces really aren't for everyone.  It sank in even more when I got older and truly experienced how today's "classic" is tomorrow's "dated": Trust me, in 20 years no one's going to think those silk blouses, ankle-length pants, and button-down dresses really were the end all be all of timeless fashion, no matter how plain and minimalist they look to young eyes today.   That doesn't mean fast fashion is great, if only because the business model is unsustainable in a plethora of ways. But that's not something wrong with your preference for novelty! People have always liked novelty in their clothes, it just wasn't doable to buy tons of completely new garments so they made smaller changes. Buying less really is a good thing for the world, but "buy it for life" is a nonstarter for women's fashion unless you're a true ascetic.	episode_done:True
text:I'm reading this at the moment!  A lot of the ideas on it aren't completely new to me though. Justine Leconte has a video on YouTube about finding your style that touches on similar themes without being so labour-intensive and detailed. I also got a free PDF of Rachel Nachmias's The Face of the Business by subscribing to her newsletter a while ago and that has exercises that also overlap, although I abandoned it when it got too business-focused.  (Edit: I also meant to mention the Everyday Style podcast. I can't remember if she does it for all episodes but in earlier ones she gives "homework" exercises that could be relevant.)  Anyway, they're some options that could be useful alternatives if The Curated Closet is tricky to get a copy of. I also think Justine is really sweet and worth watching generally :-)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:High Rises, Immaculate Pleating and Loose Silhouettes: Work Pants & Trousers in LA Cholo style	labels:Pre-90's cholo fashion (before shorts and graphic tees came into vogue) is one of my favorite eras in fashion, ever.  There are very few eras in fashion that are so simultaneously masculine, clean cut, and tied to a particular time and place.  I wish we lived in a world where fashion heads look at these guys like they look at Sean Connery or Steve McQueen.  They have better style for a tenth the price.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 28, 2020	labels:Been watching The Crown recently and was wondering, has a lookbook been done for the show? I cant seem to find one if theres one, and some really nice fits the show highlights (mostly Barbour lol)
text:Top of WAYWT - December 2020	labels:This Condom style beanie trend is getting out of hand.	episode_done:True
text:Hats - discussion	labels:I probably have big hat energy. I wear a lot of berets and wide brim hats. I think hats are a great accessory for bringing an outfit together.	episode_done:True
text:Is anyone dressing up this year for Halloween?	labels:I usually go to my local goth club on Halloween, dress up ridiculously and dance all night. That is absolutely not happening this year, so I have opted to dress up ridiculously and drink for free at home.    2020 has been a complete wash as a year, but I haven't put on makeup or heels in 8 or 9 months. I'm hoping dusting off my vanity will cheer me up at least a little. Last year I wore a very involved angel costume, but since I'm not going out I'm just going to put on my much more comfortable bunny costume.
text:General Discussion - January 17, 2021	labels:Imagine hearing someone say in 2013 MFA that cowboy boots would be huge in 2020-2021, damn
text:Covid Dilemna - Finding my style	labels:I haven't tried this myself so I'm not sure if it works but, would it help to draw different types of clothes on top of a picture of yourself?
text:Yeah, I do agree with your assessment of my fit - it's somewhat of a rehash. I unfortunately ran into the problem that my wardrobe simply isn't deep enough for the specific context of a fit battle, as I rarely experiment with texture or silhouette in any meaningful way (I tend to stick to a fairly narrow range in those regards). Also, on a day-to-day basis I tend to wear a lot of conventional black basics in combination with my more interesting clothes, which severely limited my options after I had used all my interesting clothes in combination with each other lol  I did have one interesting fit saved for the finals though (on the off chance that I made it to them). In retrospect I probably should've used it here!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge Announcement: Dress Like an Architect!	labels:/u/slann01 the GOAT architect	episode_done:True
text:Dream Unconventional/ Unrealistic Fashion Accessories- Discussion	labels:Where I live, you get judged for wearing heels, and it's snowy for a majority of the year. Still, I would love to wear heels again!	episode_done:True
text:Big Coats	labels:Love love love!! A chunky knit sweater under a coat is amazing. Love layering them up!!	episode_done:True
text:Help needed for buying jeans online! All advice is welcome!	labels:I finally bought a pair of 501s from the Levi's site.  After hours of scouring size charts and online fit testimonials, I *still* wasn't sure about size/inseam. So, on a day with a good sale, I actually bought SIX PAIRS and returned five of them. I regret nothing! If you have the disposable income to pay up front and wait for the refund to be processed, I highly suggest getting all your options so you aren't left wondering if you really have the right size or ordering another pair to try on.    Edit: as /u/fartymcfly22 pointed out, you might want to check that the company doesn't just throw away their returns before ordering duplicates like this!
text:American fashion designers take center stage at the US presidential inauguration	labels:Such a great gesture by the country's new leaders to show support so well deserved designers rather than put more money in the pockets of larger established brands!	episode_done:True
text:The Style Blogger Index: finding people who are the same size as you	labels:I found none that even resembled me, and I have a conventional type body. Even those who seemed slightly like me, had obviously not told the truth about their measurements
text:Bags that are actually beautiful - what are you loving?	labels:Nevermind how it looks, the Bottega one is simply not practical for everyday life
text:Jeans: Recommendations and Reviews	labels:Honestly I think you have to give way more detail on your old pair and what you’re looking for.  In my mind the biggest hurdle to perfect jeans is the fit, and since every body is different this is highly individual. Some people might prefer stretchier denim for a more forgiving fit, while others look for stiffer fabric, and have less leeway.   Personally I still struggle to find a high rise, non cropped, fits my thighs and waist, plain dark wash, straight/skinny, 90% or more cotton, pair of jeans. But hopefully I’ll find it eventually!
text:General Discussion - November 02	labels:i feel like my interest in fashion has been cyclical throughout my life, where i'll care about clothes for months, if not years, and then have to drop it for a while  anyway life is pretty tough atm so i think i'm dropping fashion / reddit for a bit. see you guys on the other side!
text:All the sacred must be made profane in the marketplace !	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Also imagine dunking on yourself that hard  "People without style like our products" is another read of their statement, basically.	labels:Not really. More like “too many poors who wear forever 21 and uniqlo got a hold of our bags”
text:Pics of coat?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Formal casual is not a thing and $20 is limiting you to thrift shops, occasionally	labels:Good to know (I see people wearing formal clothes in a casual ensemble all the time; do you know what the correct name for something like that is?). Yeah, I figured that was pretty much the case. How cheap do you think I can go before entering thrift store territory (I have nothing against thrift shops, I just almost certainly won't find a blazer that fits nearly right in one)?
text:Would love to read more about Norse Projects or Acne Studios	labels:	episode_done:True
text:A discussion about “knockoff culture”	labels:Hot take: nothing is really original anymore, and most everything has been done before or inspired by someone or something else. For the luxury brand to automatically claim ownership simply because it's *designer* is bullshit imo.  We all know that quality differences will be present. A $3k coat isn't going to be on the same level as a $100 one. If someone wants to spend the extra money, cool. If someone likes the look but wants polyester instead and can only spend a lot less, cool. If the designer coat is really that great, there will be a market for it. If tons of people are buying the knockoff and no one is springing for the expensive version... Well, maybe you misjudged your market or overpriced your item.  I don't have a problem with knockoffs because they appeal to different crowds. Not everyone can afford a multi-thousand dollar handbag. Why should a struggling single mom who likes the design of something be relegated to a plain black bag? If she finds a similar style at Kohl's, she should be allowed to buy and enjoy it. I feel holding designer items as being superior, and then looking down on knockoffs, is classist. End of.
text:Cyberpunks Not Dead - Inspo Album	labels:Excellent album! I love the range of styles included.	episode_done:True
text:Feminist clothing	labels:Look on Etsy, you can definitely find some good companies.
text:No Cop January - End of the Month Check In	labels:I honestly had no intention of participating, but as it happens I didn't have the budget to cop anything in January. Go me, I guess 🤷‍♂️	episode_done:True
text:Cashmere especially should last for a long time. The issue is with fast fashion companies selling cheap and low quality cashmere. It doesn't last and the impact on the producers of raw material is horrific.  But I agree with you, most of my stuff hold up very long. Even t-shirts, if you take good care of them can last several years minimum...	labels:I’m calling shenanigans. I wash cold, with like colors and no heavy pants/denim, and hang dry.   My tees only last a year at best. Standard BR soft wash. I don’t get it, I don’t even wear them that much.  My damn socks and underwear last longer. It’s bullshit	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Albums: No-Nonsense Professional and Stately Fantasy Princess	labels:When I saw the title I was hoping for a no-nonsense professional stately fantasy princess-- when your job is being a princess and you just need to get on with it
text:That bracelet sounds amazing, and versatile! Do you wear it often?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Maybe in summer?	labels:For sure.	episode_done:True
text:patagonia also has a website that let's you purchase really good second-hand items!! have you heard of it? do you know of any other websites like this?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:It’s better to ask this in the daily questions thread, friendo	labels:	episode_done:True
text:90s/00s Bollywood Fashion	labels:Didn't expect this here	episode_done:True
text:How do I know I’m not being scammed?	labels:I think if you see the same clothes on Shein, then the boutique is not being honest about where the clothes are coming from. Someone on this sub linked a cute “handmade” smart watch band from a shop on Etsy. When I went to buy it, I found the exact same watch band on Amazon for $10 cheaper. It was clear the Etsy shop was just marking up a mass-produced item and claiming it was handmade. They even used the exact same pictures as the Amazon listing. When shops aren’t honest about that stuff, I have no qualms purchasing the exact same product somewhere cheaper.	episode_done:True
text:How do you challenge yourself?	labels:I just bought one of those dresses that's transparent and looks like a meadow of embroidered flowers - so I guess I challenge myself by wearing things that are SO ME but that I would've shied away from before because no one I know wears stuff like it.  Like something that looks like my favorite paintings.
text:Thanks!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are your fiction and or nonfiction plans and outfits? What are the things you want to wear just to wear?	labels:Fictional plan and outfit: forest green wool turtleneck tucked into a tan suede miniskirt, black tights, and suede forest green knee high heeled boots. A fancy necklace around my neck? Event -- going to a fancy cafe where they serve super thick hot spiced chocolate and croissants   Real plan and outfit: grey sweatpants and pale gold oversized sweatshirt. At home studying data structures and algorithms and trying to land an internship	episode_done:True
text:Winx style, a nostalgia trip	labels:God I love the bloom and the Musa album 😍😍	episode_done:True
text:Probably the same as every other celebrity ID where it’s more about seeing something on someone famous than it is about the specific item. I guess it’s a little uncommon looking for a bomber too	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Casual Tailoring	labels:This stuff looks great and the idea is nice in theory but after years of attempting this and being “that guy”, it really doesn’t work outside of the largest/most fashionable locales (NYC, London, Paris, Southern Europe, etc.). If you really want to do this and are comfortable with it then by all means go ahead. But from my own experience I did this, and actually did it fairly well after many years, but at the end of the day it stood out too much in real everyday life in a normal town, regardless of how nice the outfit was, and it definitely hurt my social reputation a lot. After toning it down a bit I immediately noticed a difference in how much more positively I was treated by people. You can still dress well, but remember context is key.
text:General Discussion - November 11, 2020	labels:Is it "sequel" or "es queue el"?
text:Alternative to bras?	labels:Get bralettes from Tomboyx, they are amazing and so comfy	episode_done:True
text:Anyone like wearing traditional clothing from you culture?	labels:I love me some Mexican embroided shirts as well! I find it a fun challenge to make them look modern in the way I style them, for example tucked into corduroy palazzo pants that have the same color as the embroided flowers.   I’m Dutch myself (my partner is Mexican), and traditional clothing here has kinda died out. The only thing I still use are my clogs as quick slip in shoes whenever I’m going into the garden, very practical haha	episode_done:True
text:Throwback Thursday: Revisiting "A Primer on Materials"	labels:There’s a lot of information about which fabrics keep you warm, but not as much about which fabrics keep you cool.  Cotton, for example, gets a bad rap because it fails to keep you warm when wet - but the same properties make it a very cooling fabric to wear in hot and dry climates.
text:I finally got a bigger bag than the one I used for years, which has been nice to literally toss anything I might need into. However I hate the way I look and feel plunging my hand into it when all I have in there is my phone, wallet, and a few loose lip products	labels:	episode_done:True
text:hehe wow	labels:It was very odd. I’m probably just trippin but idk it really did look like the pic of me.	episode_done:True
text:Menswear I Drool Over: FW/2021 Part III	labels:Why is every piece of outerwear Greg Lauren makes fire?   Why do I want to look like a swaggy hobo so bad	episode_done:True
text:Prolly clearance/sales shirts someone  bought and are trying to resell flipping on eBay/Amazon like that is full time job/career for people	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 23, 2020	labels:just found out I am being gifted two Eames plywood chairs since a relative of ours is redoing his Brooklyn apartment and doesn't want them, they're gonna look great next to my shit Ikea furniture :)
text:General Discussion - November 10, 2020	labels:I get that everyone else on MFA is a washed-up dusty old man who skipped being a teenager straight into adulthood and thus will never get what I'm about to say, but man it's so hard to feel properly angsty without wearing black. It's like I need a whole other wardrobe that's all Rick just for those days I'm feeling down and/or rebellious.
text:General Discussion - February 13, 2021	labels:You ever read a fashion article about a super niche style of garment like oh, let's say, Italian knit polos, then you go on Grailed and favorite about 50 of them and start asking sellers questions about fabric tags and measurements and stuff, and then you wake up the next day and look at all these ugly ass listings you saved of fucking polos in garish colors with huge geometric patterns and wonder *what the fuck came over me???*
text:Thanks for sharing!   Items I'm looking for:  \- White sneakers - preferably leather   \- Jeans - Slim/skinny light blue, navy, black   \- Jackets - from bomber jackets to other non-bomber kinds  \- Sweaters or sweatshirts I can layer under my jacket  \- Long sleeve shirts/henleys  \- boots   If you've come across any of these on amazon that you think may be decent purchase I'd love to check it out	labels:Amazon has pretty decent t-shirts and sweatshirts (not knit sweaters!) that you can get for a good price. You can also buy some decent quality sneakers from Amazon too, just make sure it's from a reputable seller and from a recognized shoe brand (Adidas/New Balance/etc.).  &#x200B;  However, for stuff like jeans, jackets, boots, and knitwear, I'd look elsewhere. I've bought jeans from Amazon in the past that came with low-quality buttons and ripped after 2 months of wear, so I don't think the quality is quite there. My recommendation would be to search on places like Uniqlo/Carhartt/Champion or even thrift stores to get better quality jeans/jackets/knitwear that can last you a lot longer than whatever you'd find on Amazon for a comparable price.
text:I think you're right about deals being announced as early as next week. And I'm the same as you - I like to sit on items for a while before deciding to buy. I'll message the mods about posting the "Black Friday" version as early as next week and see what they think. Thanks so much!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I really mean cute in a very condescending sense here.  The other day there were heilicopters over my neighborhood for like an hour and people went nuts. Random people posted random guesses on twitter, other people reported these as fact and linked to these tweets as "sources". It was *adorable* how worked up some people got over this. Very revealing about how extremely incapable they are at using the internet.  (In the end it turned out that it was filming for a commercial and people immediately forgot about all of it.)	labels:Ay ay ay. This is why I’m not on nextdoor. Lmao
text:Guidi Leather Tannery Family History, Interview	labels:when will r se a vil cut a pair open? i’d love to hear his dumbass take on guidi  i actually didn’t realize it was a family name and family owned this whole time  also 792v will always be on my list but i will never find the energy to purchase them even if i have the money
text:Everybody should watch this one at least once!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:> go full Velva sheen for my tshirts.  It me, never looked back.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How have you maintained them for years? I’ve been looking for a cheapo pair since I don’t think white shoes of any kind would last me more than a season	labels:I don't wear them regularly; probably average of once a week in cool weather. Depends on the outfits I feel like. Periodically I rub off smudges and black marks with nail polish remover on a cotton ball - works like a charm on all white smooth-surface shoes I've ever owned. I find it easier than sneakers since the fabric is harder to clean off and not all fabric shoes wash well.
text:I needed to hear this lol.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Ooooh the pit stains are a nightmare I have to try this!!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Dress Like An Architect	labels:My favourite architect, Michel Foucault	episode_done:True
text:Could be worse, you could be in the top .5% of Mac Demarco listeners. ... ... /u/dylanloughheed	labels:i won’t take this slander
text:Best and Worst Purchase of 2020	labels:Worst: A 2020 Planner.   Best: A Dog (Currently fast asleep beside me)
text:Shitpost Saturday- Call for Submission	labels:You're a literal baby (your job), what do you wear?  Bonus points if you're not a lawyer	episode_done:True
text:Not American so for me its a pretty cool jacket  Overpriced even for SLP but still cool	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Yeah that was my difficulty with this too. I'll be searching around later tonight and tomorrow and I'll update the post when I find anything.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Indoor layers	labels:I have these thoughts almost every Fall. My inspiration Pinterest boards are filled with photos typically taken outside with individuals wearing amazing outerwear. Last year, I bought a camel coat (faux wool, because I couldn’t invest until I knew if I REALLY liked the look). I loved the look with the coat and I was so sad and torn to remove once indoors. So I guess that’s the TL;DR, I remove my outerwear indoors. Unless I’m quickly stopping in somewhere. But it was always a bummer to do because I love the look.  Aside from outerwear, I try to achieve other interesting layers in the form of either mid length structured cardigans, chunky scarves, slightly oversized tunics with tight sleeves (Free People-Esque), and/or bomber jackets that I’m comfortable leaving on indoors.	episode_done:True
text:+J/UNIQLO SPECIAL COLLABORATION: What’s the verdict?	labels:I was buuummmered about missing out of the short hybrid down jacket, the black one would’ve gone so well with my wardrobe. I don’t even see it on U.K. eBay in my size, although screw those people trying to sell them for stupid prices. I hope Uniqlo restocks them or everyone loses interest in them a couple of moths from now and they’re stuck with a bunch of stuff that’s not selling. >:(  I got a couple of things from the recent online restock which would work well in a smart casual office... Ah crap I’m buying clothes for my fantasy life again instead of my actual life aren’t I. *wipes tears in sweatpants*
text:I don't know, I know a lot of people who enjoy the process of going to vintage stores and never knowing what you're going to find. The clothing is also frequently significantly cheaper than it would be for you to purchase something of comparable quality new, and there's also the warm moral assurance that you are not contributing to the growing problem of fashion's unsustainable ecologic impact.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How to Combat Fashion Apathy?	labels:Are you experiencing a lack of passion toward other things, too? I ask because it's been a pretty shit year overall, and it wouldn't be at all surprising or unusual to be feeling some situational depression. You certainly wouldn't be alone in that.
text:MFA's Own: 2020 Favorites	labels:Damn she *thicc*  Thanks for putting this huge album together, homie. Cheers to another year!
text:I'm not alone 😭 lol	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What is your one clothing item that makes your life better that everyone should have?	labels:Mine is a leather jacket. It was an investment, too, but it's several years old and adds a subtle touch of badass to a lot of different looks.	episode_done:True
text:So you block sites when you see they sell sneakers that cost more than $70 because you refuse to believe a sneaker >$70 can be better than a pair that costs $69.99 - but you own several pairs of Red Wings that cost a couple hundred dollars each?   Seems about right.	labels:I think you missed the point and got it twisted. Good luck with that.	episode_done:True
text:Sorry to hear that man. I’ll have a tall boy in his honor tonight. DM me if you need anything.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are your favorite tough winter boots?	labels:I have two LL Bean boots and use them for work at an animal shelter, which can have me often outside in bad weather, muddy locations, stepping in... gross things. If they get too broken down, you can send them in and they’ll replace the rubber sole and spruce them up.  Every couple of weeks I keep the leather soft by rubbing Chamberlain’s Leather Milk on them and they’re soft and supple despite frequent negative degree temps (0 degrees today!).   I truly can’t recommend them enough.	episode_done:True
text:The Pajama Spectrum	labels:Ooh boy! I've got your problem solved. The piece-wise onesie. T shirt. Tucked into leggings. Tucked into tall socks. Theres no annoying drafts of cold air getting in, your pjs move with you, and I assure you, no bed will be able to steal your jammies off of you.	episode_done:True
text:She wasn’t a billionaire back then when she first used nylon. In fact, it was a risk and it didn’t perform well at first because factories weren’t configured for such a fabric and people had difficulty accepting a fabric common in workwear and industrial uses (parachuting) to be anything luxurious. So yeah in a way it was a statement against bourgeois taste.  Most natural fabrics today are cheap to the point where priced competitively to synthetics. Just because it’s affordable or synthetic doesn’t make it less luxurious.	labels:imo you shouldn’t have replied to them.   It’s clear they, like almost all of reddit, don’t know how to assess fashion and art on a conceptual level, and only on a surface/economical level.  Gabrielle making jersey fabric luxury, crickets. Miuccia making nylon gabardine luxury, trash.
text:Let's talk the impact of fragrance on perception of style! How much does a person's fragrance affect your impression of them? Do you choose perfume with this in mind? What are some of your favourites?	labels:I definitely base my choice of the perfume I’m going to wear during the day on my mood/what I’m doing that day. I wear mainly Hermes perfumes only (because they don’t give me a migraine like a lot of other perfumes do), and I rotate between them based on how I feel and would like to be perceived if someone catches a whiff of my perfume as I walk by. I also have been in a situation where someone I’m talking to seems genuinely nice, etc but has horrendous perfume on. I can’t focus on anything else but the bad scent when this happens.	episode_done:True
text:thanks so much!! now to figure out what kind of sunglasses look good on my face...	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Trying to get into jewelry	labels:I did the same thing last year, and started with earrings as well. I just browsed Madewell because I am a big Madewell fan and have shopped there for a longtime — they have cute jewelry with most pieces falling on the lower-to-mid price range. I also looked at their ‘Labels We Love’ — which are smaller brands that have a similar aesthetic. And I ended up purchasing some stuff from the labels Tribe Alive and Year 901. So I definitely recommend starting with brands you are familiar with! Etsy is also pretty awesome, and has a large selection of jewelry. I bought a pair of medium clear lucite hoops (which are super versatile) from Leetie.
text:What’s some of the best general advice you’d give to someone new to female fashion?	labels:Honestly I think the best rules are the ones you come up with for yourself that suit you body best. Like for me, I only wear skirts or pants that are fitted to my waist, and my thighs are large(r) so I prefer straight cut jeans to skinny jeans to hide them. I think most people would come up with rules like “never wear 2 different plaids/ prints/ etc in one outfit!” But I do all the time because it’s fun for me	episode_done:True
text:Recent Purchases - February 14, 2021	labels:I bought a pair of American Eagle slim black jeans for $30. I don't think it's too bad a price and their slims fit me pretty well. Last summer, I bought the same fit, but in a dark rinse with 2% elastane (they're so comfy). This new pair will be 100% cotton, or so they claim. With shipping, the price ballooned to $38. I'm not happy, but I didn't want anything else from American Eagle.  I expect a fair bit of wear out of them. I did a cost per wear analysis and if I wear them once every other day for a year, I will pay 22c per wear. I don't even wear actual pants that often, especially in these COVID times. So I can reasonably cut the wear down to 1/4 of the year and extend the lifetime to 2 years (assuming the jeans fail at the end).   Wanna know what's more reasonable? 52 days of the year. I'll wear the jeans once a week, 3-8 hours per wear. I have many other pants I can wear when I'm not wearing those black jeans. Once a week for 7 years will amount to ~10.4c per wear.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 31	labels:Planning on buying a Barbour waxed jacket.  At 5'4" and 160lbs is it even worth it to get a beaufort or will it be ridiculously long on me? It's unfortunately the only classic one with a game pouch (I actually want to use it for upland hunting and not need a separate game bag or vest), but I think I may need to bite the bullet and just get the bedale.	episode_done:True
text:Hand wash, yo	labels:Microfiber still sheds- it happens technically with all fabrics, since any friction or abraision is contstantly wearing down on it.	episode_done:True
text:As a loved politician once said.  Do it	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Outwear for a funeral?	labels:Are you American? In Europe (my country at least) people barely dress up for funerals. They might wear a dress shirt or a blank tee but thats about it. I haven't seen anybody with a suit but I have seen 1 blazer in navy blue tho.
text:Task Rabbit, Meet Chore Coat	labels:good post but shouldn’t this be on r/cosplayadvice?
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 14, 2020	labels:I've got a couple pairs of beater sneakers that don't have any real problems apart from places where the thin fabric lining on either the heel or near the toebox on the insole wears through and kind of rolls up. Would a replacement insole like the often-recommended superfeet green work? Maybe a saphir leather insole?	episode_done:True
text:Style rut: Pinterest vs reality	labels:Okay, so people are heckin' rude. What inspires us can be unwearable on our particular bodies, and we're not obligated to wear it. Or maybe we don't want to wear that exact item, but some part of it excites us. It's okay to translate what you loved in a picture into something you feel fits into your everyday life. What gives with your "friend"?  Now, if you find yourself unable to do that -- you're STILL okay. And if you need help, obviously that's why Daily Questions etc exist. Because we weren't any of us born knowing how to style.
text:What are your predictions for 2021 suit style?	labels:Reigning Champ will bring out terry suit jacket/sweatpants combos. They will become standard uniform for zoom meetings.
text:How to Dress for Life at Home	labels:They go from "throwing on yesterdays jeans and a random t shirt dosnt cut it anymore" to "wear broken in workwear (jeans) and random summer attire"  I swear the only point of this article is to make people feel unhappy with their current wardrobe so they buy more stuff.
text:It’s strichtarn/raindrop camo	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are the Recurring Motifs, Symbols, or Images in your Style?	labels:Nature motif, especially plants and leaves. My dad is a plant biologist and an avid gardener, so I inherit his love for nature (though not his green thumb, lol). I'm also branching out toward celestial stuff for fall/winter, again a childhood thing - being an astronomer was my dream job as a little kid.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 22, 2020	labels:So uh...capes.
text:On Leather Belts in Classic Menswear	labels:"What are you hiding behind that pleated crotch?" the ladies wonder.	episode_done:True
text:Canadian Tuxedo: A Denim-On-Denim Inspo Album	labels:Cool. I wore a lot of double denim last year so lately I've been bored by it. I'm gonna have to try some of these ideas to spice it up!	episode_done:True
text:Sean Suen AW/2021	labels:I've perused their website... so far so good.. especially the black trench coat with the side stripe thing... looks like some of my drawings...
text:[Inspo Album & Commentary] In Recursion: Japanese Traditionalist Futurism & Futurist Traditionalism	labels:Cool fits	episode_done:True
text:Is it disgusting to not wear socks with shoes?	labels:She's a jerk, but also it's better for the shoes if you wear no-show socks.
text:General Discussion - November 28, 2020	labels:Been looking for a particular style of coat for over a year. Couldn't find anything similar as the original inspiration was years old. Finally settled on something "close enough" that I was happy with, spent over a month exchanging the size to get it right, finalized everything and took the tags off last week.  Then today I walked past The Kooples on the way to the bathroom and saw the exact fucking coat I wanted 50% off, roughly what I paid for the first coat. Fit perfectly off the rack. For fuck's sake.  I am now poor.
text:General Discussion - December 31, 2020	labels:Shot out to everyone who welcomed me in WAYWT yesterday! Didn't want to reply thanks under each comment lol (/u/pumaturtle especially for being so prolific with the friendliness)  Anyone interested in a reccuring "vibes" thread? Just some non-clothing inspired images that inspire your choice in aesthetics, color, fit, silhouette, etc. I think it'd be cool to see how people translate their aesthetics through different mediums besides clothes. Plus, I'm a big furniture, architecture, and general art fan and want to be introduced to some new stuff.
text:Black is Beautiful, Braids are Beautiful, Bald is Beautiful: Ayanna Pressley as an icon of feminine professionalism	labels:Love Ayanna Pressley as a congresswoman and as a role model. ❤️  And she’s got a great sense for feminine professional attire!	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- November 03	labels:Anyone have experience with the XS from Old Navy. I usually order the S and typically (the tees at least) shrink to be pretty decent fitting but can be a bit long.	episode_done:True
text:The Best Ways To Style A Blazer This Autumn.	labels:It's the same picture. Wanted to see a huge blazer and slim pants. A blazer tucked into pants w a cummerbund. A blazer with a matching skirt thom brown style. A large blazer layered over a longer coat like undercover. Etc. Mens styling is soo good but has little representation of variety.
text:General Discussion - January 13, 2021	labels:HOW THE FUCK AM I SUPPOSED TO KEEP WORKING FOR THE NEXT 40 YEARS OF MY LIFE?!?!?  Maybe it's just me but I'm working my quote unquote "dream job" and it fucking sucks. As someone who got an engineering degree and is now in business, soooo much of business is bullshit but staring at a computer all day also seems miserable. Jobs are not your life and I wish that was the culture we lived in. 30 hr work week when?
text:What are your go-to, everyday shoes?	labels:Blundstones in the winter, white keds in the summer. I'm a simple gal. 🤷‍♀️  Side note, I wear orthodics so my shoe choices are based on whether I can rip out the insole and fit my orthodics. Unfortunately this means no sandals during the summer unless I really think it's worth it to sacrifice cuteness for knee pain!
text:Yeah, it's the elastic that gives out, and returns to it's original petroleum state.   I don't buy artificial fibres, because of environmental reasons, but almost all cotton clothing will include 2-5% spandex, and that's the first thing that goes.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 27, 2020	labels:I'd like to get a pair of joggers that are softer/more comfortable than the ones I have (Old Navy, 98% cotton, 2% spandex), but without being sweatpants. Is there a middle ground out there?	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Food Inspired	labels:Bro photoshopped the food into the pic lololol	episode_done:True
text:[Inspiration] Sculptural Jewelry	labels:Why worry about being able to change a tire in these if you can just wear the tire and call it jewelry?  Cool stuff. Thanks for sharing this	episode_done:True
text:Thank you. What I showed is just some of what they've offered. They did produce other styles, like moto and cafe racer, though not as prolifically as the more traditional bomber, field, and blazer.  If Andrew Marc had only improved over time rather than cheapen, I'd have spent more time and gone into more detail. But after acquiring one of these nicer examples hidden among the cheaper ones, I thought it would be worthwhile to share what I learned. If you know what to look for, you can pick up some seriously nice deals for not much money.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Style Lessons from Male-Presenting People: An Inspo Album	labels:This album was an absolute delight to look through. While I personally don’t love how masculine or androgynous cuts fit my body, i still got some really cool new ideas from this post. I have a denim jacket that has kinda been doing nothing in my closet, and I think it would look awesome as a mid-layer!	episode_done:True
text:Anecdote: I've gone to all of my job interviews wearing a t-shirt, jeans, and if it's "winter", a hoodie (and for most of them, flip-flops), and always gotten an offer. This is a) for software jobs in small companies in California and b) not what I recommend, really, but there are two points to it. The first is that you need to pay attention to your industry *and* locale *and* specific company. The second is that in general, I think it's better for someone to wear the clothes they are comfortable in as long as it's within an order or two of what's expected, rather than something that's "right" but further stresses them out in an already stressful situation; when you're relaxed you perform much better.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Exactly. If you stop and think of the last time you noticed someone's outfit, it was probably because you liked it, right?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:clothes that you've made or altered significantly by hand that you're particularly proud of?	labels:You redid your battle jacket! Nice!  I just started altering the first band tee I ever bought, and I'm excited to see how it goes.	episode_done:True
text:Styling suggestions: Have an item you don’t know how to wear? Comment here and let someone style it for you!	labels:Khaki pants?
text:What trousers do people wear these days?	labels:It’s looking like comfort clothes are on their way in, likely 2020 stay-at-home inspired. Pants are a little looser, whether on the thighs or on the ends, tops getting a looser/longer fit, cardigans are coming back, coats are getting slightly bigger/baggier/longer. I think we’re steering away from the Kardashians and toward a Billie Eilish vibe.	episode_done:True
text:How do comfort vs. style compare in what bottoms you wear?	labels:I mostly wear jeans/pants and I find them to be very comfortable personally. I'm honestly always a little surprised that they're so uncomfortable for most people. Most of my discomfort in skirts/dresses is mental (I just don't feel like me when I wear them).   I think if you enjoy wearing skirts you should keep wearing them, nothing wrong with that. If it's a seasonal thing maybe fleece stockings or something like that will allow you to wear them in the cooler months.
text:FAQ: What are the different use cases of boat shoes, moccasins, driving shoes, and loafers?	labels:Bear in mind I'm a traditionalist but boat shoes should only be worn near water. Moccasins are predominately house slippers (unless they have a more constructed sole in which case they're sort of loafers anyway). Driving shoes are the most casual genre of loafer (excluding sneaker/loafer hybrid stuff). Loafers is a super general term for the whole range of slip on leather/suede shoes.	episode_done:True
text:Ellen McArthur Circular Economy Report: by 2029 Resale is expected to be bigger than Fast Fashion	labels:GOOD. Fast fashion and its biosphere-destroying ilk can go die in a fire.	episode_done:True
text:It's pretty hard to find a good one! I like the nubuck material as it is stronger than suede and gives a bit more structure. Good call about Orvis, also unsure of leather quality. Overland is another shop that has good leather jackets but didn't have anything in stock with this design. The contrast collar definitely is the most controversial part about this jacket, maybe they'll make one without it!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Actually Sustainable: How Brands Are Going Vintage	labels:I recently bought the cashmere sweater from asket which is made from 97% recycled cashmere. This is really great. I hope more brands will hop onto this  in the near future.
text:Overdressing - Discussion	labels:Since quarantine I’ve been WFH and not going out socially. So, the grocery store now gets my best looks and I really hope Kathy at the register enjoys my new booties as much as I enjoy wearing them for once!  In general, it’s better to be overdressed than underdressed. I don’t normally show off my fits at the grocery store, but desperate times call for desperate measures!
text:Nigel Cabourn sort of has that.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Click "hide" my friend, not worth your time.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What is the upscale version of Fashion Nova / SHEIN / boohoo / Nasty Gal? i.e. trendy + youth-oriented but not trash quality	labels:Reformation does some sexy/trendy stuff, but I wouldn’t say the quality is amazing for the price.   You might have luck with Topshop? I don’t know where you’re located, but in the U.S. Nordstrom’s junior department has an entire Topshop section. It also frequently shows up at Nordstrom Rack.
text:Oxford cloth button downs: a short historical inspo album	labels:A legitimate part of adulthood is recognizing that you will never be a Paul Newman level of cool.    He wasn't just an actor. He was legitimately that guy.   I've talked to people who've met him in person and they've said, what you see is who he was. A genuinely likable guy with an insane level of down-to-earth rugged charisma.    And all kinds of successful... The fantasy kind of successes you have before you hit puberty. Race car driver. Famous actor. Successful businessman.   But, his greatest success of all was his enduring style. The man could wear clothes and somehow make them look even better than how the designer had intended.    That goes for the Cosmograph Daytona too. Like, how much cool do you need to emit to make a Rolex even more sought after than it already is?  We kick around the word legend a lot in contemporary speech, but Newman truly was a legend. And as I've been told, a genuinely wonderful human being to boot.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 03, 2021	labels:Are there any brands that specialise in (or are really good at making) lyocell/plant fibre button ups and tshirts? Under $100 preferably but I don't know what the price range is in the first place so I can't really pick a price.	episode_done:True
text:MFA Wearing Big Coats	labels:Great album, so much good shit in here! brb dumping a months salary into more coats.	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday- Call for Submission	labels:\- Your clothes are ruined by a house fire, but you have no budget to replace them. Which charred scraps will you wear? Which singed item is now your favourite? Which molten accessory will you pair with your outfit?   \- Your new crush is only turned on by food. Which delicious, home cooked/prepped/baked outfit will you wear to seduce them? How does your outfit represent their food choices (chocolate addict, vegan, lactose intolerant)?   \- You are visiting your mother for a few days, but somehow your clothes got lost. Which items from her wardrobe will you wear? Do you end up looking like your mom or are you able to wear something that represents your own style? Bonus question: how would your mom like if the situation was reversed?   \- You get a last minute invitation to a party. The dresscode says only 'Christmas'. Alas, you do not own anything Christmas themed. What outfit can you come up with (using only non-Christmas themed items) that is still Christmas-y? Beginner level: it is winter. Expert level: it is summer.  \- Your friend(s)/colleague/whatever asks you to help them find an outfit. You thought they would never ask! This is your chance. What outfit do you think they would look great in? How different is it from their regular outfits? Why have they never thought of this themselves?   \- Society as we know it has changed. Nowadays, everyone on Earth wears the same, neutral outfit. The only way you can express your individuality is through your shoes. Which ones do you wear to represent your style, interests or personality? Which (hidden) message do they convey?
text:>the only point of this article is to make people feel unhappy with their current wardrobe so they buy more stuff.  Well that’s kind of all fashion really.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Queer Anthropologist from the PNW	labels:Lolol I'm a queer anthropologist from New York City, and I love that people in our field dress so quirky!!	episode_done:True
text:Agree - the majority of compliments I receive are on items/outfits that are a bit on the "out there" side. I can always tell when I push the envelop into kooky when someone decides to comment on my outfit, ha!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Experience with fast fashion brands for office casual clothes (Shein, Fashion Nova, etc)?	labels:I haven't yet shopped FashionNova/Shein. But have spent plenty of time shopping cheaper brands like Target, Old Navy, NY and Co, Kohls, H&M, Forever21. And honestly I have plenty of things from these places that have held up fine. Especially when you follow wash instructions and avoid the dryer as much as possible.   Even cheaper stores have some gems among the low quality items.  The biggest issue I found is that certain things needed to be replaced like annually or sometimes 2x a year. But on the other hand some stuff will just last forever. I had (have) some decade+ stuff from all of those places that still get worn.  Some were super frequent, some weren't.  Now that I am a bit older - I realize there are a few things I always wear - vetted by years of experience - that is makes sense to spend more on. I'll always use a black cardigan, grey cardigan, and black knit pencil skirt (ponte or similar) year over year - so those can be upgrade picks. But as for dresses? My vibe changes often so I am ok at saving on those and trading them out as I see fit. There are some that live in my closet forever, but really as long as I have a couple of black/white print dress options I am happy!	episode_done:True
text:How do ya'll express your culture or traditional fashion in modern clothing?	labels:I’m Ecuadorian so I wear the beaded jewelry that’s made by the co-ops in Saraguro and otavalo, and some stuff from some siekopai friends. I also wear ponchos because they’re dressier than jackets and I have a lot of nice vicuña ones that have been passed down from my grandmother.	episode_done:True
text:What are your favorite sites to read and learn about fashion?	labels:I've personally found that a lot of fashion discussion has moved away from traditional blogs and you kind of have to go digging around on different platforms to find the niches you like. I watch a lot of fashion commentary and analysis on YouTube and TikTok.  For fashion themes on different movies and TV shows these are my favourite YouTubers:  * www.youtube.com/c/CleverAndChic  * www.youtube.com/c/ModernGurlz  * www.youtube.com/c/minale99
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 02, 2020	labels:Is the chukka boot considered to be a high-top version of a derby shoe?
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 19	labels:Anyone have any experience with lanvin clothing, especially their outerwear? Thoughts? I'm looking on getting a peacoat on sale	episode_done:True
text:Merry Christmas, Ya Filthy Animals: the Wet Bandits Are Style Icons	labels:Joe Pesci has a cool watch, i think its a Seiko Arnie.	episode_done:True
text:Wardrobe not updated	labels:I can relate. I have several years’ worth of “fond” memories of going to the stores and hating everything, so I haven’t been trendy for a while either.  Then again, with the virus still making everything a nightmare, I don’t think now is the time to prioritize something that could be loved today and ridiculed in three more months.	episode_done:True
text:The Origins of Hermès' Colour Mark	labels:Really interesting read! Especially the nod to Tiffany’s, glossier etc at the end	episode_done:True
text:What is the upscale version of Fashion Nova / SHEIN / boohoo / Nasty Gal? i.e. trendy + youth-oriented but not trash quality	labels:Rag & Bone	episode_done:True
text:This! Started putting my laptop on a stack of books during zoom calls to bring the camera to eye level and it makes a huge difference!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Your favourite men's style shopping "hacks"	labels:If you like the look of vintage clothing, workwear, brands like RRL etc there is really no need to buy from the expensive reproduction brands or the curated vintage fashion stores or IG pages.   There is absolutely loads of that kind of thing for cheap on eBay (probably where those curated vintage stores get most of it from...) and even well regarded brands like Filson, Woolrich, Schott leather etc tons of that available. All it takes is some extra work on your part to actually sift through it, find whats in good condition, worth buying etc and get to grips with the 'keywords' of the clothing items if that makes sense... ('hunting jacket', 'rancher coat', 'A2 flight jacket', 'type 1 trucker' for example) and can also be good searching by fabric type... ('vintage corduroy', 'vintage suede jacket', 'herringbone wool' and so on), these are a good way to narrow down your search.  Some downsides obviously though like not always having proper recourse on things like returns etc like brands and stores will give. But if you put the time in searching, there can be a lot of good bargains to be had and you can get the look of those reproduction brands on a budget.  Not just vintage either though. Especially on things like jeans, if you have already zeroed in on a specific model with favourite fit you know you like, ebay also has a shit load of people selling Levi's, Lee, Carhartt etc brand new old stock, whether they couldnt return a purchase, offloaded from stores closing down, end of season, whatever. Again though, obviously takes searching on your part to see what is genuine and worth buying, but I have managed to get a couple pairs of selvedge Levis and Carhartt jacket way below RRP, as cheap as I would pay from some crappy high street store.	episode_done:True
text:Top of WAYWT - July 2020	labels:Man, I’ve been lurking this sub for a few months, and frankly I’m at a loss. I can’t figure out why people are rolling their pant legs. These fits all just seem weird to me, and everything looks costume-y.   I don’t want to be rude or anything. Is it cause of how uncommon these outfits are in my part of the world? What am I missing?
text:What’s the difference between Margiela Line 10 and 11???????	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Small Interesting Brands That You Should Follow	labels:Do not hate me as that guy, but I wish that Graziano site offered more information on the artisan clothing (Oaxaca and Chiapas). They're selling those pieces "in collaboration" with the communities for $200~ like the Sarape or Poncho, but 1) those items are clearly made and mostly designed entirely by the people from those communities and 2) that kind of artisan clothes usually cost around $10-$40 when you buy them directly from the producers or on Mexican websites. I don't worry much about the price of the clothes on the website, but I do worry that they could be making a humongous 90% profit by just reselling
text:Does anyone have tips on how to find good stuff from Poshmark and other online thrift shopping platforms?	labels:Some really great tips here! Here's my two cents:  1) If the seller doesn't respond to your questions, RESIST the urge to buy anyway. This seems really obvious, but I've made the mistake many times of panic-buying b/c I was afraid I'd miss out on the item, against my better judgment. Someone else may snap it up, but you've saved yourself the headache of wasting money on something that doesn't fit/is damaged/itchy/smells like cigarette smoke/etc.   2) Poshmark and eBay work better when you are familiar with the exact brand and model of clothing. They're not great for browsing due to just too much crap and too much inconsistency in the listings. If you don't really know what you want, I'd suggest browsing TheRealReal. They skew higher-end, but have a quite a lot of choice and have filtered out the trash and no-name brands already. Often you can find really rock-bottom prices for what you're getting (like Rag & Bone jeans for $30). You can search for something like "women's wool trousers" and then filter by size and color and sometimes style (cropped, wide-leg, etc). You'll be exposed to a lot of brands and styles you may not otherwise have thought of. Another pro (or con, depending on how you look at it), is that the clothing sizes are broken down into XS/S/M/L/XL categories, rather than numerical. So if you filter by "S" it will include 26-27 jeans, 34-36 Euro sizing, 40-42 IT size, etc., which is good when you're dealing with international brands. Even better is when the item includes measurements, which they often do, which are always more helpful than a number on a tag. Finally, on full-priced items (except for the really high end stuff), you can automatically get 20% by using their REAL code.	episode_done:True
text:I haaaate the washed out colors. I don’t mind them in other people but I’m annoyed that the fashion industry apparently all decided it’s the only thing anyone will sell this whole season.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Would you mind expanding a bit on the wardrobe tracking idea? Sounds really interesting!	labels:I personally started using an app (closet for android) where you put in every item of clothing you own, and log each day what you wear, so you KNOW how many wears your getting out of each item. Logging every item was weirdly fun, and really made me asses why I kept what I kept. But the app was a bit clumsy, so I made a secret instagram account to just take an Ootd (outfit of the day) picture as I headed out the door (or when covid hit, on my way to the couch, ha ha)   If you have apple I have heard great things about their apps, some people on here use airtable (if you search the group there are loads of better informed wardrobe tracking, and mgetsdressed blog has many many posts about it)   I personally found looking at what I'm ACTUALLY wearing, not what I aspire to wear, helps me be realistic about what to add to my wardrobe, and being more aware of everything I own now I've done several purges makes me pull out lesser worn items to I have an excuse to keep them	episode_done:True
text:This format is taking off.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Same. I started washing my bras a little more frequently because I noticed the straps discolor after 3-4 wears. I do have two elementary age kids, and I wash their jackets (along with masks) after every time they play outside (double masked) with a couple of friends in their pod. I've ruined a few zippers in the sanitary dry cycle, but it's worth it.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Can confirm. I worked at a luxury designer store rhyming with ~Schmada~  Most of the handbags are top notch but the majority  clothes are flimsy and shit quality	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Hi! This is Alejandro, owner of Graziano and Gutierrez. This Reddit post was shared with me and as I was browsing I saw your comment and just wanted to address it! We actually don’t re-sell any clothing that is made by the artisans or in Mexico. The family in Oaxaca only hand-weaves the fabrics and then sends them to me in Portland where I cut and sew every garment, we also create all of the designs in house!   We got a tab called Artisanal Fabrics on our website where you can learn more about the family’s work and history. If you have any more questions please reach me at info@grazianoandgutierrez.com and I’d be happy to help! :)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:2020 Gift Megathread	labels:What do y’all get the men in your life? My brother, dad, brother in law and godfather are incredibly hard to shop for (brother and brother in law are 30s, dad and godfather are 60s).  EDIT: Thanks for the suggestions everyone. Socks, headphones and booze seem like they'd work best for my guys so far :)
text:When your personality and aesthetic don't quite match?	labels:I’ve dated a few guys who don’t seem to get boho/ drapey style. They seem to be of a toxic masculine mindset - If it doesn’t show off your boobs/ waist/ butt or VAG HOLE then it sucks
text:Elle Woods! I heard they were making Legally Blonde 3, is that correct?!	labels:No idea.	episode_done:True
text:FAQ: When shopping on a budget, what items have the highest point at which they reach diminishing returns?	labels:Great responses already. I'll rant a little bit about footwear since that's my specialty so to speak.   I think people still spend far too much on footwear generally. GYW and stitched construction is nice and all, but it's not a cheap option by any means. You get quite high quality leathers from plenty of makers in the <$350 range and there are good options in the $200 range as well depending on the type of shoes/boots you're looking for.   I'm working on a post that talks a bit more about the individual economics of owning even a single pair of "high quality" footwear. Cost of ownership is vastly under estimated by newcomers and expectations overall tend to be set too high.   I still agree that footwear has pretty high diminishing returns, but I also think that a *lot* of people talk themselves into buying stitched construction shoes that are far far too expensive for what they really want.
text:Why even the pandemic couldn’t kill fast fashion	labels:Cuz poeple cant afford $50 fair trade tee shirts and designer jeans while unemployed.
text:It was 20-dickety-two and we were wearing onions on our belt, which was the style of the time. We couldn’t say “aught” because Osama had stolen it.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:That WIG on her tho, and the makeup. We stan a flawless queen.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Sewing your own clothes	labels:Whether it's worth it or not completely depends on what you personally value in your clothes.  Economy? If you just compare any shirt to any shirt, it's often not cheaper to sew it yourself. Fabric is expensive and if you use patterned fabric, you're going to have a lot of scrap pieces due to pattern matching (if that's a priority to you, it's often not a priority in cheaper fast fashion clothes).  Fit, style and comfort wise? If you get good enough at sewing, you can customize the fit of your clothes, choose the fabrics you like, and sew them in a way that you feel is comfortable, without itchy seams, bulk, tight shoulders, excess fabric pouting or whatever.  They're going to be perfect for your taste.  Quality compared to the price? Here sewing your own stuff will definitely be worth it. You can choose a good quality fabric, prewash the fabric to ensure a good fit even after washes, have a proper pattern that suits you perfectly, and then cut the pattern out of fabric that you've pattern and bias matched perfectly, which also means no further twisting after washing. Basically, clever and good pattern matching is going to take the garment from looking 20 bucks to 200 bucks.  There are many more factors to include, like time and labor and interest etc, but basically, if you like it, see it as a hobby that will provide you with clothes that most likely are going to last better than ready made clothes for the same amount of money.
text:Lumberjacks?  Eh, I don't think it's wrong to tuck your flannels in. I also think that kind of hem is fine when you're wearing them open and long, since a flannel is visibly casual anyway. I'd probably prefer a straight hem for mine too, though.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Do you have any pieces that "should not" work with your body that just seems to work?	labels:I’m 5 feet tall, and literally everyone tells me not to wear jumpsuits and they won’t look good on me, but nothing makes me feel more confident than rocking one of my ~many~ jumpsuits
text:Men’s clothing	labels:You should match the hips - the waist can be taken in. Consider that most men’s pants fall midrise, they do not have high or low rise the way we do so I would size the waist based on the dimensions of your women’s midrise pants.  Men also have alot more inseam options than we do. Also check out brands popular in Asia - for example, Muji, even Espirit. My husband consistently has to size up a lot so they will be smaller	episode_done:True
text:Do you feel the black Friday sales better or worse than usually this year? Is it worth to buy clothing you won't wear until next year?	labels:Coming from a person who works for a fashion company that never really participated in BF or CM sales, we are actually going forward with it in a big way this year!  We have core items on sale that have never traditionally been able to be less than 10% off.  It’s only for 2 days but we think our main customer base is going to be thrilled. Last year, we had maybe 120 items on sale, now we have 350, plus extra discounts on about 100.	episode_done:True
text:Favorite brands for cocktail dresses?	labels:I love House of CB. I think you might like their stuff, OP. Quality is great and a ton of their dressed have boning, which results in not needing shapewear or a bra.
text:What movie/tv show was styled the best?	labels:Obligatory Mad Men
text:Fuck announcement threads  /about/moderators gang  Edit: Forgot to congratulate 2 of my favorite contributors to this sub. I look forward to the next 4 years and you both have my vote for reelection.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Thank you so much!!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Could always be one theme or the other, whichever the participant prefers	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Me too! It just works for me.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Drake's Collection One, 2021 Lookbook	labels:Love Drake's style, but it's so expensive. Any more affordable alternatives (preferably european)?
text:Balenciaga FALL/WINTER 2021 (Afterworld: The Age of Tommorow)	labels:These new Mortal Kombat characters look amazing!	episode_done:True
text:Oof relatable	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Top Down / Aerial / Crotch Shot WAYWT	labels:Big Mask Energy, even without the mask.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 29, 2020	labels:Finishing Queen’s Gambit tonight, hit me with some show/movie recs!
text:Burberry is donating unused fabric to fashion students in need	labels:Obviously Burberry is only doing this for optics but cmon this is a better alternative than whatever else they were doing. People really need to stop taking moral high grounds over businesses, it makes no difference.	episode_done:True
text:Well post the dress, woman, now I'm curious!	labels:That was a lie. This thread is actually brought to you by the fact that I have been meaning to buy new drinking glasses for the past year and I'm $11 short of free shipping, but there's nothing else I want at CB2 so I have just abandoned my cart for the past 24 hours while I figure out how to not pay $9 in shipping.   THERE IS LITERALLY NOTHING I WANT AT ALL ON THE ENITE FUCKING WEBSITE BESIDES THESE STUPID GLASSES.
text:Have your clothing purchases dramatically dropped now that we can't go anywhere?	labels:Not really! I bought more hoodies and sweaters for fall/winter. Didn’t buy that much for summer though.	episode_done:True
text:What is your go to/favourite belt?	labels:Just a plain black belt with a silver ring buckle on the front, I have one with a gold buckle but I like the silver one more	episode_done:True
text:I dyed my leather boots and here is how it went.	labels:What a great job! Well done. Excellent result. You should be able to wear these for years now	episode_done:True
text:I'm a J. Crew loyalist, so I'm acknowledging my potential bias but I'm also a fan of Banana Republic and went through a hardcore BR phase. However, I've kind of forsaken Banana (my young professional wardrobe was full of it) and returned to even more J. Crew -- I've found that, in general, my pieces from J. Crew last longer and hold their shape/quality more than what I have bought from Banana. Also those 50% sales are usually goldmines for me! Just my experience!	labels:I loooove BR - they’re in my price range and their clothes just fit me well - but quality is absolutely hit or miss. I have stuff I’ve had for years, and I also have a dress that I wore twice and then a ribbon on the back just fell off haha. But for my budget, if I’m picky, I do very well there. (Love J Crew for linen pants and shorts, though!)
text:New Year, New Balance	labels:It's simple: I refuse to wear shoes from any other brand since I first tipped my foot in one. Album should be labelled "workwear and NB" by the looks gathered	episode_done:True
text:I think I prefer my Bballs to my Achilles. Such a cool silhouette	labels:Gonna join this train of love for the Bballs	episode_done:True
text:Face Mask Reviews - Round II	labels:I love the Caraa masks a ton. WSJ had them ranked near the top of of 50 masks they tried or.	episode_done:True
text:Tailoring for the People	labels:Very solid album! I'd also add that there's a big emphasis on soft shoulders and non-office jacket cloths like tweeds. More conservative items like navy blazers are paired with non-traditional items like camo pants (high level move). And even when something might get a little office-like, a detail like tucking the tie into a waistband does enough to subvert the expectation.  It's all about details. A denim shirt under a jacket here, an unexpected pop of colour there. Something that makes you look a little closer to find out why it's not all so corporate.	episode_done:True
text:The North Face x Gucci Launch Collection + Campaign	labels:Fuck Gucci tho	episode_done:True
text:Do you have a concept of "Par Value" in menswear?	labels:How are you determining quality? I'd wager a lot of less experienced people (particularly those who haven't actually spent money on higher end things) don't always have a good frame of reference on quality. It's easy to parrot what you hear on reddit or in a youtube video, but do you (general you) know what you're looking at when you're making that assessment of quality?    For example, a canvassed suit simply has a feature (non-glued material floating within the body) that you like and attribute a stamp of quality to, but that doesn't mean it was done well or that it's a quality garment. It may be \*more likely\* that is it, but does not necessitate it. It's easy to assume something is overpriced, especially when you're a neophyte. Additionally, there's a lot of the blind leading the blind going on here and in other fashion communities (and other hobbies/etc).     "Value" is a nebulous term, and people seem to be desperate for a way to mathematically determine if they're making the best/most optimal choice. It's a fool's errand. You're better off pursuing pieces that actually make you happy. You will wear them more and enjoy them more, thereby generating the only "value" that matters.
text:General Discussion - October 22	labels:clarks announces *Desert Boot 2* is part of a larger extended desert boot universe
text:The RealReal Alleges Chanel is Maintaining a “Monopoly” With the Help of Big-Name Retailers, Publishers in New Filing	labels:Not surprised that they've limited access to the retail market. Chanel sells purely on its exclusive image.	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Fashion AITA	labels:I am fairly well-known in my community for my unique fashion sense, ropes of pearls, zebra-striped roadster, and two-tone hair. A woman I knew from my school days has a lot of spotted dogs. When I commented that they would make a beautiful coat, she became offended! AITA?   Edit to add: My husband is a furrier, if that helps your decision.  Edit again to add: I may also be a lot older than the woman with the spotted dogs and have a red and black roadster and no husband, depending.
text:White, black, grey and navy are neutral that always work.   For more fall appropriate, pair with a rust/orange colour sweater with brown boots.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Is there a fashion show that is widely considered to be the greatest show of all time?	labels:Maybe an early Alexander McQueen show ?
text:I love this idea, but maybe with a few more options. I feel like I have clothes anxiety and have such a hard time liking what I wear while also feeling put together and this idea makes me feel so comfy	labels:	episode_done:True
text:For Veterans Day (US): Military-Inspired Inspo	labels:Love these fits 👌	episode_done:True
text:Lookbook | +J 2020 Fall/Winter Collection | UNIQLO	labels:I love the little details (extra pocket flap & split hem) that make the suit interesting. If I had anywhere to wear a suit these days (and if Uniqlo’s pants fit me - I’m too squarely between sizes since they do letter sizing) I’d be trying to snag that one!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 16, 2020	labels:I had my probably last meeting of the year.  And then my heat went out. And then I noticed that my insurance kindly withdrew their yearly fee for a second time, so now my bank account is mostly empty until the bank clears the chargeback. And after the chargeback, I'll have to deal with the angry letter from the insurance company.  wtc break
text:Shitpost Saturday: the Festival of Clothing	labels:Let me tell you the tale of my dad's jean jacket! My dad obviously bought this thing in the 70s, because it fits me and my dad has not been skinny since shortly after he got married lol. It sat around in my parent's closet till I was a teenager and it was trendy. It stayed at my parent's house when I graduated college and dumped stuff there while I moved to Germany and rejoined me when my parents got rid of their house. It has now followed me to our tiny house on the arctic circle because I figure an item of clothing that durable should stick around for what must be at least the third time it's been trendy! Along the way it even had afb elimination fight with a sad knockoff jean jacket from some mall brand that shrunk to half its size the first time it touched water in a washing machine 😆 it will definitely still be here, and probably still be in style, at the end of the world lol	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 21, 2020	labels:Hey fellow adults I can’t eat meals without spilling myself even tho I’m an adult who is an adult. What tips do you have for an adult who’s a messy eater despite being an adult?   Just curious if there are any other adults out there who struggle getting food from their plates to their mouth without using a baby’s bib?
text:How do some people put outfits together so effortlessly. Fashionista's please help.	labels:I don't know about the other ladies out there, but for me there's no magic formula. In my humble opinion, I look good because I take the time to really plan out my outfit, hair, shoes, etc. It really is just practice, repetition, and routine. If it seems daunting to you, here are some smaller steps you can take:  1. Use a website to organize your thoughts - like Pinterest.  2. A lot of department stores have looks and outfit ideas when you are looking for products! It's a great way to go from - 'oh that dress is cute' in a vacuum to figuring out an outfit around it.  3. Practice makes perfect.  4. Practice makes perfect.  5. Try to make one part of your outfit really satisfying to yourself if it seems to much to do the whole thing. For example pick a bag that goes well with your dress. That way, even if your makeup/shoes don't work as well with the outfit you don't get worried about not having the perfect look. You'll still be happy with part of it and you can build from there for next time!  Sometimes, I try to do the 'just woke up but looking fresh effortlessly' look but I don't know if it's actually successful, lol.
text:General Discussion - November 16, 2020	labels:Who knew it was a loafer/moccasin thread that would bring back the trad lurkers.  It's such a great, old-school internet fashion argument from like 2012.
text:I made a Hoodie spreadsheet to help you with sizing	labels:Hey,  I think you can't really go wrong with RC but I can't speak from personal experience. I have a Norse Projects hoodie which differs from the one you linked but what I will say is I don't think the quality is up to par with other hoodies I've had. I would recommend Asket if not for the fact you wanted a grey hoodie. (I've emailed them myself about this and they hope to release further colors in the future)   If you wanted to delve more into the ethical/sustainability side of things I would recommend 'goodonyou' in regards to finding brands.	episode_done:True
text:Support Small Businesses This Holiday Season	labels:It is literally impossible to support local small business around me right now ..they are all still closed bc of non-essential lockdown. Many have closed for good, including the local artisan made clothing company that has been around since 1927.
text:When will I be "too old" to look cute, cool, hip, whatever?	labels:As you get older you stop caring as much about that stuff. Focus on developing your style now at a young age and the rest will kind of fall in place. As you get older you’ll already know what you like and what works well for your body. There won’t be a need to “look” hip or cool because you’ll just...be.	episode_done:True
text:Natural Fibres	labels:I keep a running list with a ton.  For knits - Fair Indigo, Pact, Organic Basics, Back Beat Co, Kotn, Ninety Percent, Modern Citizen, Lilla P.  For everything else - Eileen Fisher, Patagonia, Grana, Quince, Lacausa, Garnet Hill, Tradlands, Made Trade, Bridge and Burn, Toad & Co, Mollusk Clothing, J Jill, Marketplace India, New Market Goods, Nomads Hemp, Global Girlfriend, Massimo Dutti, Alex Mill, Deva by Cammy, Soft Surroundings, The Summer House India, Gudrun Sjoden, Power of my People, Korinne Vader, Mapcha, Epic Linen, & Other Stories, Po-em.info, Lucy and Yak, Cuyana, Emerson Fry, Eshakti, Lands End, Ali Golden, Karu, Outerknown, Poetry, Toast.  I will never own this much clothing from even a fraction of all these, but I just find it interesting so I like to... research lol.	episode_done:True
text:Blade Runner Coat: +10 pussy  Talking about getting pussy unironically: -1,000,000 pussy  Thinking about dating and clothes like it's DnD: -1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000.... pussy	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 15, 2020	labels:Wife tested positive for covid. Now I sit in dread as I wait my symptoms to start. Every small itch in my throat or feeling of being slightly hot is giving me anxiety.   At least I don't have to go through this alone.
text:What are your thoughts on outfit repeating multiple days in a row?	labels:I think the pressure is to not be "strange/unaware of your appearance" or more likely not to look "poor/can't afford more clothes." Some people do notice, and the rude ones point it out. This perception starts young. Growing up, there were teachers and other school staff who repeated outfits and other children loudly pointed it out.  I repeat outfits as much as possible if I'm not seeing the same people (my household doesn't count). The internal pressure is strong to not repeat within a few weeks of seeing the same people to avoid potential comments.
text:How do some people put outfits together so effortlessly. Fashionista's please help.	labels:Hi! Former stylist.  1) Pay attention to the fit of things and figure out what cuts and shapes look good on you. Paper bag pants and some joggers have similar fits. Some mini skirts and shorts hit the same place on your legs and can have the same waist height. Find your sweet spot and don’t be afraid to buy multiple things in silhouettes that work for you.   2) Get some statement pieces that you would die for. If you are wearing a pair of jeans that fit well and a t-shit purchased within the past 3 years with some awesome earrings you going to look and feel great. If you are wearing an amazing dress and simple white sneakers you are going to look and feel great. Don’t overthink things but try and wear at LEAST one piece you are excited about at a time.   3) Don’t buy things just cause they are on sale, you saw your friend wearing it, or you feel like you “need” something in your wardrobe. You should love everything in your closet in its own special way unless it’s workwear and you hate your dress code for work. Something as simple as a T-shirt has so many different factors like cut, material, neckline, sleeve length. Purchase what feels good and don’t bother with the rest.
text:It’s a start. The fact that governments are publicly condemning these kind of things is a huge step in the right direction.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:There's a 2014 Family Guy episode where they specifically say that "gray and yellow are so overdone right now"	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Using Pinterest to Help Find Your Style (or: how to tell Pinterest it is no longer 2012)	labels:Yes! All of this!  I’ve been using some of this for a while, and have been looking for ways to go from smart casual to a more business casual, and found a new person who tends to dress in a way which fits with my established comfort zone but with more of a leaning towards where I need to go (workplace with strict dress codes for professional and hygiene reasons). I know virtually nothing about this figure as a person or platform and don’t want to name them as I don’t know how I’d feel about them if I did. But their style? Perfect for my needs, and something I likely wouldn’t have come across otherwise.	episode_done:True
text:Closet Organization By Color	labels:I organize in order of my thought process of what o want to wear. Typically I think about the type of clothing, the color I want, and then the sleeve length, dress length, or pant length. So each category of clothing is separated (tops, jackets, dresses, skirts, pants) then each category is organized by color. Within each color I order from shortest to longest (sleeve length, dress length, etc). Within each length I go lightest to darkest.   This method works well for my style of thinking, and I LOVE how it looks so organized and visually pleasing. I would really try to track your thought process when picking out an item/outfit and organize from there!	episode_done:True
text:Seconding this. After years of experimenting, I’ve finally landed on a style that feels right to me and have a curated closet full of beautiful things I love, but I’m not wearing any of that right now. I mostly wear sweats and pajamas because I can’t bring myself to slip into a fabulous dress to bake bread or scrub my bathroom .... which are the sort of things I get dressed for right now.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Quick tips to look UN-polished?	labels:My boyfriend tells me not to do this, his words are "fuck them. They don't matter. Dress how you want to" The one thing I'm massively insecure about is over dressing. I've been singled out for this a lot and it's frusting. I just want to look good. I'm not wearing inappropriate for the situation clothes either. It's more like I'm the only one in heels to dinner because I like them. And dinner like a nice place with drinks after not an ihop to a pool hall. The most picked at are a couple form fitting casual tshirt dresses I have. I love them them with some boots in the fall. But my casual clothes are not casual enough for everyone else? and they have to make comments about it. I get so anxious about it now I just sit naked on the floor for like 30 minutes staring at the few clothes I have left while my boyfriend checks in on me to see how my progress is going so we can leave finally.   But when it's just me and him going somewhere there's no problem at all. I'll wear anything confidently and feel great about it. But make me go to some kind of party or events where I know people and I just freak out and cry.   I want to look awesome. My boyfriend wants me to look awesome. Why are we trying to tone down our awesome because of how people want to be buttholes and judge us? For looking good. How are you going to let someone shame you for something you aren't ashamed of? Doesn't mean much comming from a girl who panics about going to dinner with friends but I try to remind myself of this all the time. I shouldn't have to dress down because it makes other people feel uncomfortable.
text:[NEWS]Yohji Yamamoto launches 2nd capsule collection with horror master Junji Ito	labels:I mean cool idea but you're gonna look like a weeb who's into waifu pillows wearing this stuff
text:Love this! Time for me to walk away from the rule too. ❤️	labels:	episode_done:True
text:No Cop / No (New) Jawnz January: Mid-month Check-In	labels:This has been so hard, I've already *almost* failed. I bought a shirt through Poshmark a few days ago, but the order got cancelled because the seller didn't actually have the item anymore. So technically I'm still in the clear, but send me your good vibes to hold strong!	episode_done:True
text:Schott 538 Nubuck Cowhide Mechanic Jacket	labels:Schott jackets are designed for old white people. You can get this style in a more flattering cut from Aero for around the same price. At full retail ($810) there are better options than Schott from a looks perspective. They are well made jackets but they should be at that price point.
text:Recently customized a Naked and Famous ecru jacket that wasn't getting a lot of wear from its owner. Hope it gets some wear time in now!	labels:I love the work done to it and all but I can't help but think that the original colour was pretty good already. White is a easy and versatile colour to match and okay around with
text:Cotton Candy Femme Fatale: A Cassie (Promising Young Woman) inspo album	labels:Ooooh this is me! Cotton candy maximalist Lisa Frank is how I would describe my style. I like anything pastel and cute. Someone else mentioned Lirika Matoshi and I love her stuff. Edit: is it necessary to incorporate hard edged details? I mean, if you want to, but if you want to go totally unicorn, that’s totally your choice, and you wouldn’t be the only adult who does so.	episode_done:True
text:You got dis	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I just enjoy the color more, all white can look too minimal(for my taste)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 25, 2020	labels:Finally untagged all of the designers i wear from my social media. Its slightly cathartic
text:hahahaha I'm going to pretend I didn't read this comment bc I can't handle that shit	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are your go-to, everyday shoes?	labels:Blundstones in the winter, white keds in the summer. I'm a simple gal. 🤷‍♀️  Side note, I wear orthodics so my shoe choices are based on whether I can rip out the insole and fit my orthodics. Unfortunately this means no sandals during the summer unless I really think it's worth it to sacrifice cuteness for knee pain!
text:Feat Hoodie Review	labels:Most of these Instagram brands sell absolute crap that’s mass-purchased from Asian manufacturers in bulk and then they add their own logos and sell for a markup.  For $140, I’d just buy Reigning Champ or something	episode_done:True
text:White/Light Denim Jacket Inspo Album	labels:I have a greyish denim jacket I pair with black skinny jeans. I think it's the nicest looking combo I have and definitely my favorite denim jacket.	episode_done:True
text:What style rules or clothing attributes are you ruthless about?	labels:Also, this is a common rule, but no clothing that requires anything special to wear it - eg a shirt that only works when you switch around the bra straps of your convertible bra, a dress that requires shapewear to look how you want it to look, a wrap blouse that has to be pinned into place after you put it on, a shirt that requires another shirt underneath because it’s see-through - all of those are a no for me. If it doesn’t work with just my regular underclothing (except for choosing nude underclothing for light pieces) I won’t buy it - I just know by now I’m not going to make the effort to wear it when I could just put on something easier that I like just as much.
text:She wasn’t a billionaire back then when she first used nylon. In fact, it was a risk and it didn’t perform well at first because factories weren’t configured for such a fabric and people had difficulty accepting a fabric common in workwear and industrial uses (parachuting) to be anything luxurious. So yeah in a way it was a statement against bourgeois taste.  Most natural fabrics today are cheap to the point where priced competitively to synthetics. Just because it’s affordable or synthetic doesn’t make it less luxurious.	labels:Its not about luxury - I think we're missing the forest for the trees here. Its about adopting leftist language to Sell Product to the same bourgeois consumer its supposed to rally against. Here buy this at x order of magnitude markup and feel about yourself fellow working class comrade while I take the paycheck. Guess it worked
text:The side cutouts are giving me flashbacks to those awful homecoming dresses from 2012. Who thought that needed to be brought back?!? "You know what women like? Exposing the excess fat on their torso so everyone can see it!" I never got into the cold shoulder trend, but at least I didn't feel like that was displaying the least flattering parts of my body.	labels:That sheer skirt black dress is also giving me 2014 flashbacks. What!?  I had a dress with torso cut outs in 2014 that sat in my closet with the tags on for a year.	episode_done:True
text:Common Projects Resort Classic Review	labels:Thanks! How long did it take to break these in? i am asking because I have tried to break mine in for some time now but they still feel a bit tight. Sizing wise I went 42, same size as with Achilles.
text:General Discussion - January 14, 2021	labels:Look, I'm a big fan of "You get what you pay for..." ... ...but the Playstation 5 is $500 before shipping. Give me a fucking break. It's a PLAYSTATION. You know, the thing you play to be comfortable in your own home? Even if you pay $15 for an Etch-a-Sketch at the store, you can  get 33 toys for what you'd spend for one of those...
text:Well done, wuz! Always one of my favorites ❤️	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Lately she is my pandemic designer. I love all of her patterns and pattern upon pattern and her comfortable to the max looks. And the shoes! No reason to suffer heels now. Even though restricted to the house and yard and sometimes a quick trip to the market I still get dressed as creatively and colorfully as I can. It lifts my spirits as well as the spirits of my family. We are a three generation household. My 13 year old granddaughter gave me the highest of compliments last week when I came downstairs.  "Wow, I wish I was an old lady so I could dress like that"! I told her that one of the benefits of being my age is that I can wear whatever I want. I'm retired and 76 but I still love looking good and I love fashion but I no longer worry about or want the latest trends. I know what they are and can work around them to get the look that I want, not what Madison Ave. tells me is IT.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Doubling down on this. Thrift shops are often a blessing for stuff like this!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Sith-Wave/Jedi-Core: A Star Wars Inspo Album	labels:Wouldn’t wear it myself but it’s a beautiful aesthetic.	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone else feel that nothing is unfashionable nowadays?	labels:The present always feels “neutral”. I think if you watch any reality show from the early 2010s, even as late as 2014-15, you’ll see a big difference from what was considered “no defining silhouette” then. things like just a tshirt change slightly in cut and shape over time.
text:Buy Sell Thread - November 09, 2020	labels:This is a friendly reminder to only post links from Grailed, Ebay, Depop, and similar reputable platforms.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/malefashionadvice) if you have any questions or concerns.*	episode_done:True
text:Yep, I'd say 90% of my stuff is from Poshmark now. I only buy from brands Im familiar with so I know the sizing.  But it has saved me so much money and most of the time the stuff is like new.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How much was your most expensive fashion item and when or how often do you wear it?	labels:My most expensive items have all been high quality copies of items I have in low quality but wore out the wazoo.  For example, I knew I was ready to invest in some high end Chelsea boots when I found myself going through a cheap pair every year. Or to invest in a nice leather-looking jacket when I found myself grabbing mine 70% of the time I went out.  The expensive items were hard to wear at first, maybe on date nights or to a nicer event, but as I got more used to wearing them I wore them more often. I think it took me a hot year before I wore my Red Wings more than like once a month.   My recommendation is keep the items in your comfort zone (so no wild dresses or Colors at first) and to force yourself to wear it at a regular interval. These days, just wearing nice jeans while I go shopping seems to be my “date night” when I dress up!
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 01, 2021	labels:Any recommended brand for parkas?	episode_done:True
text:My go to outfit when I was 12 were red pants with a handmade I ❤️(mustache) shirt (don’t know if you remember *that* cursed trend)   And a teal suit omg that sounds amazing! It’s one of my favourite colors.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:No Cop / No (New) Jawnz January: Mid-month Check-In	labels:Still going strong here....I may or may not have filled the void with some camera gear purchases but no new clothing! This has actually given me some time to think about where I really want my wardrobe to go come spring/summer and to stop worrying about the current winter season.	episode_done:True
text:Moncler acquires Stone Island	labels:Unexpected, but interesting. I'd rather Moncler became more like SI than SI became like Moncler, but genius and the RO collab shows that they're willing to be adventurous.
text:Why I Love Silk Scarves (imgur album in comments)	labels:Cool stuff. I love this photo of Jess (black jeans, cord jacket). I love using a nice scarf to balance a bit of elegance to an otherwise grunge leaning outfit	episode_done:True
text:Speaking to the LGBTQ-owned label whose kilts were adopted by Proud Boys	labels:Damn all five of em?	episode_done:True
text:A Vontade Fall/Winter 2020	labels:For those interested, some non-Japanese stockists: The Bureau Belfast (UK), Kafka (UK), Namu shop (USA). Those are the three I remember off the top of my head.
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge Announcement: 6 Degrees of Separation	labels:*So to clarify what I had in mind..*  The rule is you must keep at **least** one item from the previous fit in your next outfit. You're welcome to change **only** one item, but the item changed has to be a major component (i.e. no accessories/shoes). Hopefully you can demonstrate the versatility of your wardrobe.  Bonus points if your final 6th fit consists of 1 item from all previous 5 fits.
text:Sean Suen SS21	labels:	episode_done:True
text:One of my coworkers went in to the office one day and ran around taking pictures of everybody's office from the vantage point of their computer screen.  She uses them as her background depending on who she's meeting with. It went on for months before anyone noticed	labels:That is genius.	episode_done:True
text:Japanese winter fashion trend 2020/2021	labels:Really interesting read. Thanks for posting.	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge: Layering - Reminder!	labels:onion theme   can we add a uhhhh dress like your younger self theme
text:General Discussion - January 15, 2021	labels:Is anyone else kind of tired of posts and comments that variously try to "justify" the price of obvious luxury goods, designerwear, etc.?  Good thread on the SLP teddy, but just about nothing in there is surprising. Is it well-constructed? Duh, it's SLP. Does it have little refinements all over, compared to everyday varsity jackets? Yeah, that's kind of the point. Is it "worth" $2,000? No, obviously not.   Like...at some point we need to acknowledge that these efforts are misguided, even if well-intentioned. You're buying SLP because it's SLP (or Ackermann, or Dick Ovens, or whatever your thing is). *That* is the justification. And that's a fine justification in and of itself! An analysis of the materials and construction is unlikely to throw up surprises that'll make people go "damn, that really makes it worth the obnoxious price tag!"   (This observation does not apply to bespoke clothing, where the justification genuinely is that you get something more or less customized for you, and you alone.)  What do people think?
text:Shitpost Saturday: Let's Talk About Purses	labels:I make ten million dollars a year at my wall street job BUT I only have one purse from madewell because I like to be humble unlike certain women I see with multiple fancy expensive purses (no judgement!! just not the way I was raised :)).  I love it because it’s a pretty tiny bag— perfect for me since I don’t need to carry any makeup around because I don’t wear it! I couldn’t focus at work with all that cake on my face, I don’t know how those other girls do it. they probably aren’t hitting their performance targets like I am!   I also love that it’s vegan— I wouldn’t want to do any harm to my fellow living beings! anyway gtg, I have to go sell bets on the value of someone’s family home :).
text:give me a reason: inspo from multiple sources	labels:Please more posts like this, love it.	episode_done:True
text:Suit Supply Review Times Two	labels:I’m going to agree with a couple of comments in here and say that the second experience at SuSu wasn’t *wrong*.  The outcome of getting a custom suit isn’t only contingent on what the client asks. Since a “perfect” fit is a subjective concept, each custom fit is a confluence of not just the client’s requests, but also the individual preferences of the fitter and the standard cut of the brand. That is, it’s not just about where you go; it’s about who you work with when you get there.  I’m an associate for SuitSupply myself, and we all do a lot of custom. At the shop, each of the associates design custom suits a little differently. I almost always heighten the rise on the trousers, for example, and cut my chests really close. My coworker, on the other hand, always does a full leg taper and shortens the jacket a half centimeter. I’ve had clients switch from me to someone else and vice versa for custom because they liked an individual’s fit better.  With all of those adjustment options at your disposal, it’s easy to get anxious if you’re not seeing them all getting used. Remember, though: if your suit doesn’t fit right, alterations and remakes are free, and the changes are noted so they can be added to the next suit you make. If you go back and let them know during the fitting about your prior experiences and how you want it to fit, or even bring in your original suit to guide the process.  I would give SuSu another chance. But I’m biased.	episode_done:True
text:Top of WAYWT - July 2020	labels:The clothes at the top of WAYWT always look like costumes from the 1985 film Cocoon.	episode_done:True
text:Discussion: what does your shopping process look like?	labels:1. Decide I really needs to replace a favorite in my wardrobe, something normal, like a short sleeved knit t-shirt, or a ribbed long-sleeved t-shirt with scoop neck. 2. Try to search online.  3. Realize most online stores have horrible search features. 4. Find nothing that matches, and age over how a store with 20 000 t-shirts doesn't even have a good ribbed one. 5. Get's distracted by a metallic knit and buys that instead because I'm a magpie. 6. Keeps wearing the worn out stuff I needed to replace.	episode_done:True
text:Outwear for a funeral?	labels:As long as you have a black tie and decently respectful outfit, I wouldn't worry about mixing seperates, etc. It's not like there will be lots of photos taken as there would at a wedding.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 07	labels:The election is over and... I don’t feel any better. And I’m beginning to think half the country (maybe 3/4) is hoping on the “team civil war” side.
text:Yeah it takes a little effort but a polo can work. I've been wearing them a lot lately for work from home since the collar is enough to make people think I'm not just lounging in my PJs but more comfortable than a button-down.  Pay attention to the fabric, like you mentioned, and the cut and put a little thought into what you wear it with and it's easy to overcome the retail employee connotation IMO.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I missed the joke, can you explain to me please?	labels:Here in the UK Fred Perry polos have a reputation for being the football hooligans choice of attire.
text:You make a great point about quality variances across all fibers. Even though I prefer natural fibers I have definitely eschewed linen pants from target because it's low quality, see through, and scratchy. I also hate how sometimes a cotton tee warps after washing because it wasn't prewashed prior to being cut and seen but that has more to do with the production of the garment rather than the fiber content, but it's still an example that not all natural fiber items are great (if not made well).	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Fashion "fantasies" coming true years later?	labels:Love that jumpsuit! I just bought two cushnie items from TRR also. I wasn’t familiar with the brand (nor could I afford it retail anyway), but I love all the cutouts and the fit of the items.
text:Covid Dilemna - Finding my style	labels:Sorry to be a pedant but it’s “dilemma” with mm.
text:Advice needed: How to keep up with trends without social media?	labels:Your best bet is going old school and following blogs. Set up an RSS feed, find people you like, and follow fashion that way.   But this is also a good time for you to explore YOUR personal style, without the influence of... uh... influencers. Obviously some of the fun of fashion is finding out what the trends are as dictated by other people, but with a little freedom from those, you might create silhouettes and combinations that are far more interesting to you personally than whatever's popping off on IG this week.  You can also do what I do and set up an IG that's just for this kind of thing. I don't follow anyone I know, I don't post anything on there. It's just for me to keep up with fashion, some bands I like, and a few owls managed to sneak their way in there. If you set up something like that, you can set aside an hour on the weekend and get caught up on fashion stuff without even installing the app on your phone. A lot of influencers are on YouTube too, so if you'd prefer to stay away from IG altogether, you can just look for their YouTube pages and watch their content on the weekend.
text:How has your style changed as you’ve gotten older?	labels:I was gothpunk with shades of scenekid and vintage-sexy supreme.  I am now living my best life as future-cult bossbish and reincorporating punk elements in to my wardrobe because it is fly as hell and representative of my true self.  I think the trajectory for counter culture folk is almost always: counter culture -> normal core -> reincorporate elements once more secure in life because its not aphasemom.	episode_done:True
text:What is your favorite under-the-radar leather handbags / brand?	labels:Tignanello! I have multiple Tignanello purses and they are fantastic. All leather and all around great quality and very classy and timeless designs.	episode_done:True
text:I need some inspo for this because I have leggings socks and boredom.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Thanks fuckface	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Men’s clothing	labels:I don't have tips personally but karenbritchick on YouTube talks about wearing menswear a lot! I really love her style	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Zoom Fashion Etiquette	labels:I wear a lot of Brazilian carnival costumes. They are not very comfortable when I have to sit down in my desk chair but that’s what standing desks are for. Also the feathers help a lot to distract people if something accidentally slips. Oeps. 🤷‍♀️	episode_done:True
text:How to Combat Fashion Apathy?	labels:I felt this way but I have been looking at photos of Kendall Jenner and Bella hadid street style and it has been inspiring me a ton!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 17, 2020	labels:I think it's time for a break, I feel like I've dropped all my marbles and am no longer inspired to share anything. Hope I can be back eventually and everyone take care of yourselves!
text:Nike Among Many Brands Lobbying Against Xinjiang Forced Labor Bill	labels:Is Nike trying to make up for once partnering with a company that relied on slave labor?	episode_done:True
text:What are the Recurring Motifs, Symbols, or Images in your Style?	labels:Tigers! Not tiger stripes but more actual imagery/prints of whole tigers.
text:What socks do you guys wear? and some advice on socks please?	labels:Darn Tough
text:General Discussion - October 30	labels:just wanna give a quick shout out to the guys who call me Ethan on here, bc my username is incredibly cringey lol
text:I feel the same, I love the comfort of trousers over skirts! Although skirts can look amazing, I can never relax while wearing them. They wrinkle, they bunch up, they slip or do all kinds of things when I want to tuck my legs under me or hang on the couch. I love a skirt to feel instantly dressed up, but immediately change into trousers when i get home	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Mine took about 3 weeks but I got a 20 percent discount code for my next purchase as an apology, so I'm ok with it	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Caruso Fall/Winter 2020	labels:this is the look right here!	episode_done:True
text:MFA Brand MegaReview: Camoshita | January 23, 2021	labels:Camoshita is one of my favorite brands. Their offerings run the gamut from tailoring, to casual, and you can honestly build an entire wardrobe off of the single brand. I will say that the prices in the west can be a little eye-watering, but it's definitely way more palatable on sale. Kamoshita has an incredible eye, and it really shows in what his brand offers.	episode_done:True
text:The North Face x Gucci Launch Collection + Campaign	labels:Those jackets go hard. The ultimate puffer jacket.	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: The Fun Coats Club	labels:I have a midi length faux fur coat that I found at a Buffalo Exchange in Chicago. It was purchased for NYE in Vegas two years ago, but it remains one of my favorite purchases. I still get compliments when I wear it. I had to carry it home from Chicago and then back out to Vegas and back, but it was totally worth it.	episode_done:True
text:The Evolution of My Style As a a 21 Year Old Hijabi	labels:I love this so much! You are very stylish :) you honestly make blazers work amazingly on you	episode_done:True
text:What are you planning on getting rid of this year?	labels:I have a big ol' 50s houndstooth harris tweed balmacaan I don't wear much anymore... probably going to try reselling it unless style inspiration strikes me next year.  In general I've been offloading a few vintage pieces that I don't touch anymore since I got past my whole "thrift and buy vintage to save money" phase.  Looking farther into the future, I want to replace my pair of Bean Boots with a more stylish pair of winter-ready boots. The beans have served me well, but they clash hard against a lot of my wardrobe now.	episode_done:True
text:This is the point I came to make, IDK how people are having difficulty finding natural fibers, my entire wardrobe is 100% cotton and linen and I shop at like, Zara and H&M lmao.   Most jeans are sturdy 100% cotton these days, it's easy to find cotton t-shirts, cotton knits and stuff like that...I guess silk is the only one I haven't really seen, but even wool pops up here and there even though, I agree, it's harder to find.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are your most loved ride-or-die winter clothing items?	labels:It used to be a black tie-belted peacoat I had sniped from forever21 (back when occasionally you'd find an item that just won't die, a rare solid-quality piece) in like, 2012.  I also had an oversized plaid scarf that I never left the house without.  And then I moved to Florida.  I'm going to miss my oversized sweater dresses and over-the-knee boots.  Maybe.  Just a little bit.	episode_done:True
text:Just bags now, very strange. Apparently they came out with a statement about how predicting style trends was too risky/expensive whereas tote bags were a stable product.	labels:I mean they're entirely correct. Their tote bags are all over in cities while their chore coat was the coat de jure...3-5 years ago? And is just now something that people want again.	episode_done:True
text:Those Needles Track Pants	labels:Damn I actually want the olive or grey ones...	episode_done:True
text:What clothing items have you reverted back to since WFH/quarantine?	labels:I've really been embracing dressing more youthful. I'm in my early/mid 20s, and now that I've worked a couple years at the same place, I'm wearing more what I want than boring professional. I also started caring about what I wear and planning my outfits. Velvet shoes, corduroy overalls, rainbow prints, sequins, bold colors. Who cares? I've been called out for dressing "fancy" before, but I've stopped giving a shit in correlation with my confidence in my abilities. I'm a teacher...if anything, I'm showing the students it's okay to be yourself and take risks.
text:what are wardrobe items you own that you absolutely recommend to everyone else here?	labels:Custom made dress shirts - I got 4 made a few years ago and I literally never reach for my off the rack ones unless I have to. Worth every penny.  Ralph Lauren Slim fit OCBD - I find these the perfect balance between small collar uniqlo ones and old school baggy Brooks Brothers  Black bit loafers - the one dress shoe to go with if you don’t have to wear suits all the time.  Technically too casual for suits but it’s 2021 and no one cares, plus you can wear them with jeans with more casual outfits and get a whole lot more for your buck. I like Gucci but all brands make these at every budget.   One pair of black, and one pair of dark blue slim jeans  A nice wristwatch - I’m partial to a vintage Omega, vintage Rolex Datejust or a modern Panerai depending on your style that will go with everything and where you can mix and match different straps  Lululemon ABC Joggers - live in them when I don’t have to dress up, and they still don’t look sloppy  Uniqlo Merino sweaters - so cheap and does the job as a mid layer  Abercrombie sweatshirts - no logo options fit me great and are super cozy. I regret paying so much for John Elliot ones I have now  Suede biker or trucker jacket - that’s the one piece I go to when I want to look a bit “extra” and it always does the job  Denim shirt - go to casual piece to throw on a tshirt. I think Levi’s are cheap and fantastic   LBM blazers - great modern slim fit blazers with casual textures, fits perfect and you never look like you wore your suit jacket. Incredible value on sale for how much I wear them	episode_done:True
text:How do I know I’m not being scammed?	labels:I haven't had a lot of success with boutiques found on ig - I have a hard time deciphering if they are drop shipping like you mentioned.   You could try Poshmark - I find it helpful when I'm looking for something specific. Other than "shopping your own closet", shopping secondhand is also thinking more ethical and sustainable. Plus, you can find styles you like at a fraction of the cost.	episode_done:True
text:Favorite outfit?	labels:A black turtleneck and black pants always make me so happy!! I never feel as confident as when I’m wearing a turtleneck! I want to get some booties to match with my favourite outfit but I haven’t had time to go out shopping yet.	episode_done:True
text:How much of your income do you spend on average in clothes every month?	labels:It’s different for me now that I’m in my 30s and working full time. I’d guess around 10% of my salary (after taxes) averaged out... like some months I spend a lot more, others I don’t buy anything.   Back when I was in college, I did a lot of thrifting and shopping clearance racks! I still like second hand shopping and getting a good deal,  but now saving up for high quality items feels a lot more feasible.  Back in college when I really could only expect tiny amounts of money left over from my income after I paid my bills, it was much more fun to buy a pair of crazy leggings for $5 off the target clearance rack then to try to save up for something nice.  I also feel like I thought of shopping as a fun activity! It was much cheaper to go to the thrift store with my BFFs and get a fun/weird new outfit than to go for dinner and a movie.	episode_done:True
text:The most eco-friendly thing is to thrift.  The best way to get a good fit is to:  * Get clothing bespoke (expensive but amazing)   * Get clothing made to measure (quasi-bespoke) * Get clothing that kind of fits and have it tailored.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Supreme Spring/Summer 2021	labels:As a BJJ practitioner I will try and pick up the rash guard just to flex a bit on the mats lol.	episode_done:True
text:I love a bright red with leopard print or with an oatmeal.  Also love fuschia with a more brownish beige	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Who is your ultimate style icon?	labels:Traces Ellis Ross - she always has a lot of fun with fashion.	episode_done:True
text:Which color palette do you hate wearing?	labels:All the fucking beige and oatmeal shades that have plagued fashion in the last decade. So ready for something with a little more life to it.
text:Green Queens: An Inspo Album	labels:I did not realize Traces Ellis Ross was such a green Stan!  Also I love green and pink! That is my sister's decor and occasionally clothing palette as well. (She was the pink fan, and I liked purple. But I switched to pink for clothing, and she is mad at me for stealing her color! We wear them in very very different ways! Turns out pink tones look better on me! Purple can feel a little heavy in clothing and makeup on me. Pink suits my bubbly nature.)	episode_done:True
text:How would you style or rebuild your wardrobe around your holy grail fashion piece?	labels:I'll just start with the holy grail item, which is high-end denim that fits both my ass, waist, and thighs. I have an athletic build - big thighs, an ass, but not an enormous waist (but not hourglass, I'm rectangular by all definitions), and finding jeans that fit or even come close to fitting is a challenge. I don't want skinny jeans and am just fine with a high waist, but when I sit I need to not feel constricted and they need some stretch to accommodate my legs and butt. I went to my favorite denim boutique for a personalized shopping experience and tried on just about everything in my size. I bought some jeans, but they're still not what I was looking for. My favorite is my husband's old ass sevens that have a huge hole in the ass (that I still wear out in public because why not), but they're not super flattering, just comfy.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 13, 2020	labels:Pretty bummed out today. Didn't get through to the interview stage of making my current job a permanent position due to what HR calls a "technical error". Didn't put quite enough information to pass the score for "developing self and others". God damn I'm annoyed. I hope another vacancy pops up before my contract ends and I am going to make sure I really big up that I'm now training people.
text:I used to hate under layers from a childhood of being forced to wear old school thermal under layers by my mom, and I found them so itchy and restrictive. I picked up my first pair of heat tech tights and a long sleeve this winter on sale and i can’t believe I’ve been missing out for so long. The technology has come a long way	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Totally.  To me, Gen Z is a lot of clothing that isn’t work appropriate but super fun. A lot of crop tops, bra tops, spaghetti straps, usually some tummy showing, and then some baggy pants. Lots of thrifting and also cheap fast fashion. Doc Martens and other platform shoes. Very 90s/early 2000s. Long acrylic nails, false lashes. Really fun and can be a really “hot but trashy” style   Millennial fashion is more professional/better quality/structured. Linens, trousers, heels, sandals, etc. Frankly I think it has to do with millennials having more money. Low key hair, nails and makeup. Neutral colours and patterns. It’s a more mature style   I’m 25 so I get to do both 😎 woohoo	labels:I don't really associate millenials clothing with that. I mean I try to dress ocasion-appropriately, so if I have to work I'll dress more professionaly, but on my free time I dress how you described. The only thing I have found to be different is that maybe they are bolder (?) brighter colors, shorter pieces... I've found myself buying clothes I've have been too afraid to wear 10 years ago, maybe people were more concerned about other's opinions and that's it (?)	episode_done:True
text:Is it just me, or does it seem like the clothes being sold since the pandemic began have become very limited?	labels:You can still find really great items at secondhand stores or on selling platforms like depop, that has been where I’ve been exclusively shopping for the past month !
text:Do You Ever See A Cute Outfit, Try To Replicate It And End Up Hating It On Yourself? How Did You Fix That? Did You Ever Get The Answer As To Why It Didn't "Look Right" On You?	labels:Yes. I’m kind of somewhere between an hourglass and an inverted triangle shape, and only 5’4. So many outfits online have like 4 layers on top and then my shoulders look huge and it’s not cute. Or I look like a big blob because they billow out over my round hips/butt rather than draping all pretty like the stick thin girl I saw the look on online.   I wouldn’t say I have “solved” it but I’ve found a few ways to imitate the looks I like more successfully. Finding a slightly cropped version of a blazer or sweater I admire is helpful given my height, and also because I have hips and a round butt, long sweaters and blazers tend to look boxy and strange on me. I have also been learning about and experimenting with tucking shirts and sweaters a lot. Finally, minimizing layers or choosing blazers and sweaters that don’t have dropped shoulder seams helps keep my top half looking sleek. Unfortunately dropped shoulders seem to be all the rage everywhere I shop 🙄  I know you’re pear shaped so it’s different but I think you can look at the “vibe” of an outfit and imitate it in a way that suits your body. Mainly I try to look at a few outfits I’m drawn to, and figure out what elements they have in common or what it is that I’m liking. Maybe the colors, textures, silhouettes, etc. I like to save them on Pinterest and make note of what I want to find when I shop to pull those elements into my wardrobe.	episode_done:True
text:I agree. I decide what to wear-before and after Labor Day	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Favorite brands to thrift?	labels:Vince is one of my favorites; I’ve found a lot of their sweaters in great condition and they’re super warm and hold up well.
text:Who does he owe? You'd think a successful designer could pay his debts...	labels:Who does is he why even	episode_done:True
text:I haven’t heard of this one, but I’m sold! I’ll check this one out ASAP! Thanks for the advice ☺️	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 03	labels:Well kinda unimportant given everything else going on but election day also happens to be my birthday lol, I turned 20 this year, and not being a teenager is really fucking with me, I’m positive college just won’t happen at this point in time and figuring out what do from now on out seems really overwhelming, I think I’m just gonna move to NY, you know? Why not, no harm, idk. What a year to be alive, Ik I haveb’t been super active on this sub lately but there is so much going on lol  Edit: I may or may not be slightly drunk
text:Well spoken. It is better to buy quality products that can last the test of time than to buy cheap products that will break down within a few months. Every dollar counts	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I mean... In New York City, it can be done, it's just not super natural. The main problem you'll see is not people telling you you look *bad*, but you being overdressed or underdressed for most occasions. You need a very particular occasion, and you can't just be the bow tie guy in your office and move to this, you need a certain amount of... Street cred? A certain amount of pre-accepted cool to see your friends, do this, and have their first instinct *not* be to make fun of you, but too recognize the cool aspects.	labels:Fair enough.  Fashion for fashion people, I suppose (and I don't mean that in a bad way).  I find that aspect of personality/aura/street cred to be one of the more difficult things to navigate when it comes to exploring more unique styles, whether be it new to yourself or new to the environment/context.
text:yeah agree chain with charms(hops earrings, pearls or diamond stud) could be good option	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I tried this and ran into a brand exclusion :( Just a heads up.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:This Schott is miUSA while that taylor stitch jacket is miTurkey	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The 'make your legs look wider to counteract your hips' is indeed bullshit. All it accomplishes is....making my legs look wider. And yet it's parroted in every single advice for pears I've seen. If it is a holdover from the 90s like you said, that would make a lot more sense to me, as I'm always a little salty about the terminology that's involved that implies wide hips need to be hidden away and de-emphasized and are therefore ugly. When in reality, they're sexy and great.	labels:So much this! Very pear shaped and wearing wide leg pants makes me look way bigger on bottom, so instead of just my hips being big EVERYTHING looks big. Also the “ X makes you look taller” people used to suggest to me all the time, I’m 4’11” for god sakes no amount of pointy shoes are going to make me look tall! Plus I’m fine with my height and have no desire to change it, an extra like inch or two of reach would be nice though... 😂	episode_done:True
text:Victorian, but Make it Fashion - Fashion Week Spring 2021 Inspo Album	labels:TIL about Beautiful People and fashion as cosplaying an opulently comfy bed. Were those all from a particular show?	episode_done:True
text:I was just about to debut the butternut squash body shape but this is a far better way of naming it.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:WshoeWT - December 15, 2020	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Casual Blazer Inspo	labels:This was not was I was expecting at all. Some of these "fits" just look absurd
text:The OG 90s Supermodels will tell their stories in a new documentary	labels:Wasn’t Twiggy the original supermodel?	episode_done:True
text:Never heard of the brand, I google it and the first thing that pops up is sweat pants for 135$... is everyone here rich?  Edit: why am I downvoted? do you actually think 135$ is reasonable for the average guy for sweatpants?	labels:have you tried not being poor? git gud @ life bro, ez pz	episode_done:True
text:Big Coats	labels:Unrelated to the coats, but I think the picture for #28 (Onkul) was taken at pizza slice in Shibuya.  Kinda funny to see a place I’ve been to show up in the background of a fashion shoot	episode_done:True
text:Can Your Outfit Influence the Way You Feel? Enclothed cognition describes the effect that clothing have on how an individual thinks, feels, and behaves	labels:Oh yes. I went through highschool not being confident until I started dressing better. Now I'm slightly more confident and better looking	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 11, 2021	labels:Thought maybe I'd be okay to return to work today. I was wrong.   Also, fuck COVID, especially re funeral arrangements. Added stress.
text:Le Château is closing all stores (most likely)	labels:I’ll pour one out for my hoe-wear circa 2005. Everything was that weird polyester gabardine and I haven’t actually set foot in one in years, but all of my best sexy outfits (and surprisingly cute shoes) were Le Château when I was freshly legal.
text:Men's Health invited me for an interview after my post here	labels:i rejected the dress initially with the converse, but in sandals it fits.	episode_done:True
text:Omg same!! I rarely rewear my sleeping clothes too because I sweat at night.	labels:Night sweating is a mood. I rewear a ton of my day to day clothes, because Im boring and like my light jacket/denim pants/chinos which probably aren't getting washed after one single wear regardless. Like undergarments and tshirts change, but people aren't seeing the former and the latter isn't particularly distinctive.  But my god if Im not washing pajamas or my misfitting sleep tshirts after one or two nights.	episode_done:True
text:Review: Brunello Cucinelli Men's Deerskin Derby Shoes	labels:How are their jeans?
text:Does your language affect how you wear colors?	labels:I don’t understand how this translates to fashion really. Just because you don’t have the word to distinguish a color, does not mean you cannot visually appreciate the difference or incorporate it into your outfits?  Most men I know have a very limited color vocabulary - pretty much the basic colors of the rainbow (and honestly you may get some blank stares if you say “indigo” and “violet” outside of the rainbow context instead of “blue” and “purple.”) But my husband can see colors and visually distinguish between my coral top and my blush blouse even though both he would describe as “pink.” He even owns shirts that incorporate salmon pink and lavender and turquoise although he has no idea what they are called. I also doubt that he knows his sports gear feature “chartreuse” and “teal.” His clothing color limitations are more gender-limited than word-limited.	episode_done:True
text:And they should be.  If they don't feel like their own audits are sufficient enough to actually make sure they're not using slaves, they shouldn't partner with whatever company.  It's not rocket science really, they just don't want to be held accountable and they really don't want to spend money making sure they're not.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Have you ever participated in a clothing swap - in person or online?	labels:I went to a swap earlier this year and it was great! They would divide clothes between high street (eg. H&M, Zara etc.) and high end (designer, high quality vintage) and each garment awarded you a token for the category it was sorted in. I paid £5 entry and came away with a Temperley skirt with a boat print that I am planning on getting tailored (waist is a smidge too big).  ETA. This was organised by a sewing cooperative so was more formal than just having friends over.	episode_done:True
text:I feel Reddit wouldn't exist if everyone already knew where to look online for academic articles.	labels:I feel everyone that is capable of using Reddit is capable of googling where to look if they really wanted to.
text:Schott 538 Nubuck Cowhide Mechanic Jacket	labels:I’ve been looking for a suede or nubuck jacket forever. Love this one besides for the contrast collar. Closest I’m leaning towards now is Todd Snyder’s suede chore coat but I’m not in love with the green color. Thanks for the review tho bud, wouldn’t have any doubt that Schott wouldn’t deliver a quality product  also Orvis had a couple decent looking suede jackets on their website but when I went to the store they’re only carried online, kinda skeptical about their quality of leather
text:London street style Inspo (circa 1985-1990s)	labels:Thinking a lot of these photos were taken around Portobello market area too...
text:If you like ______, you might like ______.	labels:Alternatives to Hot Topic and DollsKill?	episode_done:True
text: Spier & Mackay. But, if you want to see things in person, Suitsupply since they have more shops. Bonobos (doesn't have MTO) is in that price range too.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What’s a fashion rule you defy (dressing for your shape, weird color combos, interesting silhouettes etc) that you just love?	labels:Wearing the “wrong” type jewelry metal for your skin type/coloring. I wanna wear both, dammit!
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 02, 2020	labels:Anyone know what Gitman Vintage changed with their new/updated cut? Some reason I thought it was a bit more boxier, with less of a midsection taper, but can't really tell from photos.	episode_done:True
text:Distinct Fashion Phases	labels:1.  yes, I wear some items from 5+ years ago, but I style them differently.  2. I'm 21. At 13 I wore lots of neons, but I basiclly did it to annoy my teacher who said bright colours are slutty (yes, I find it confusing too)  At 14 I switched schools and dressed like a  1960s stoner. I realized quickly I wasn't into it and that I was just copying people around me.  15-18 was grunge. Docs, faded denim jackets, jeans with 42 holes in then, plaid skater skirts . I dressed like it was 2012 when it was actually 2015-2018, but for a change I was dressing for myself, without intentions to annoy/ conform to people.   18-21 got a job where I had to wear black every day , as a result I was sick of grunge.  I started weating more colours, and becsme intrested in both 1940s snd 1970s fashion.   3 . It took me a long time to switch to grunge because that was my first real style that I built up, but switching to my current style was easier and quicker.  4 . I don't really dress trendy. If I notice a trend I really Iike I buy it, but I'm ok with wearing absulotly untrendy things.
text:Thank you for the tips. I will look into the space saver bags. Are there any you’d recommend?	labels:I just bought the cheapest ones on amazon. I've never had good luck re-using them multiple times, so you just need something that will survive the move.	episode_done:True
text:What are people's experiences with clothing challenges like trying not to buy clothes for a year/only buying second hand? What are some tips?	labels:I would recommend, first of all, assessing your goals and trying to make rules that are fair to you, and which can be adapted into life long habits.   Flexibility is important, especially when it comes to something you will eventually *need* to do, like purchasing clothing.  Not buying a single thread of clothing for an entire year was a failure waiting to happen (because, y'know, shit happens,) and it isn't even that helpful if it just results in binge periods before and after.      What works best for me is keeping a system of criteria for shopping.  If you actually *need* something, buy it guilt-free, and then budget out the things you don't need.  *Always* assess potential purchases critically: Ask yourself it it suits your wardrobe, if it's practical, if it fits well, it it's well-made and if it's something you are likely to wear a lot.   If helps, reserve nonessential purchases for use as a reward when you complete major tasks.  Try to avoid shopping altogether if you know you're not supposed to be buying stuff.  If you feel like you can't stop shopping, there's almost definitely *something* else you can be doing that scratches the same psychological itch.
text:Tall beauties of Reddit, tell me your favorite brands that offer tall/long options	labels:American Eagle has extra long jean options.
text:Difficulty distinguishing between so 'idealized' style and personal style?	labels:I moved back home earlier this year and as a result had a much reduced storage situation. I sorted my clothes into three categories,wear,don’t wear often (or at all) and doesn’t fit.  I donated the truly ill fitting items and my sister picked out some items she liked.  The last category I put in a drawer and wore each one throughout a month and noted what I was drawn to and what I liked especially the items I had purchased for ‘fantasy me’.   Mixing them with familiar clothing helped make them more accessible and actually a usable part of my wardrobe.   Essentially I now feel like I have a new wardrobe. Plus the notes I made meant I know what I actually like to wear more and therefore purchase in the future and what should definitely stay a fantasy item that I only like on IG or something.	episode_done:True
text:If you could only have one overcoat, what would it be?	labels:pea coat  &#x200B;  Can fit virtually any occasion	episode_done:True
text:Your thoughts on leopard print (and animal prints in general)	labels:I love it, personally. Sitting here in a grey leopard print cardigan as I type! I used to have a similar perspective on leopard print (mid-20s here), but after seeing a few pieces I liked over the last few years, I decided to own it.   I typically don’t wear more than one animal print at a time, and my loudest piece is probably a cropped vintage leopard-print fur jacket. I used to be terrified of color, and while I’ve made strides in that area, for a long time animal print was how I kept it interesting while wearing 5 shades of beige or grey.   My frequent fliers are a zebra print skirt, snake print pants, snake ankle boots, the aforementioned jacket, and a cheetah print sweater.	episode_done:True
text:Pros and cons of an a capsule wardrobe?	labels:i don’t have a strictly capsule wardrobe, but the colors i feel best in are pretty neutral, so i stick to those. black, white, grey, shades of green, navy, some tan/brown. most of these colors go with each other.   in high school and my early college years, i was much more experimental with my style. now i know what i feel good in, and i know i don’t have an unlimited budget, so i try to buy pieces that will go with most of my other clothes. i think there’s a financial benefit to this (getting lots of ‘wears’ per purchase). it also makes putting outfits together faster and easier.   i still buy “fun” pieces and mix them in, but my higher priced items need to be able to go with most of my other clothes.	episode_done:True
text:What were your favorite menswear collections that showed in 2020?	labels:forgot to mention that Dries Van Noten continues to go strong - man is a genius   wouldn’t wear a lot of his shit but the man has such a unique voice & his tailoring & sense of style is immaculate - don’t know many who can make navy pinstripe pants that can be described as glorious	episode_done:True
text:You forgot the best part! “Honorary man caca” 💩  Haha	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are your predictions for 2021 suit style?	labels:"End of Covid" lol
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - February 13, 2021	labels:Wondering if anyone has an recommendations for casual shoes that are comfortable/will hold up to a decent amount of walking without looking like specialist hiking or exercise trainers? (ETA: for basic casual outfits, jeans or chinos, shirts + tees, normally in darker colours).  I'm in the UK, budget is up to around £100.
text:End doesn't do free return labels for international returns. This is why OP mentions return labels in the post.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What’s your opinion on (modern) 90s-inspired fashion?	labels:I'm waiting until we get to the part of the baggy jeans trend when people learn about the ripped, soggy backs of their pant legs that come from the jeans dragging on the ground. Enough of that this time around and the trend will cycle to something else.  signed,  someone who dealt with many, many ripped jean legs.
text:What are novelty leather keyrings/keychains for? How do you use them?	labels:I have just three keys but a huge everyday bag, so I bought a big keychain just so that I can find my keys easier. I know some friends of mine use those keychains to match their keys to their bag/outfit, or to create a difference between different sets of keys. Other than those three reasons, I wouldn’t know why people need key chains.	episode_done:True
text:What trousers do people wear these days?	labels:I’m not the most fashionable, but I see plaid/wool pants, leather skinnies or straight leg pants, and mom jeans	episode_done:True
text:Which is basically scene dudes. Emo/goth I feel like were somehow more subdued. Scene guys/girls were absolutely the fuccbois/girls of the late 00's.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do you feel about vegan/faux leather?	labels:i don’t avoid it exactly but i think real leather lasts longer. i hate the way they’re trying to market it as environmentally friendly.	episode_done:True
text:How to avoid looking older with your clothing??	labels:Your face will still be 14! You may need to work a little harder to find/tailor pieces so you don't look like you're playing dress-up, that's all. Have fun!	episode_done:True
text:This is my new favorite	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I think Marilyn was very conscious of what she was doing here. She carried a folksy persona, deliberately catering to working men and women, and had that "What do you mean by suspecting I'm dressing sexy by wearing dresses so tight they have to be sewn on, I can't help that I'm CURVY! It is those who think it's on purpose that are truly lewd!!"-vibe all the way through.   Basically, she tried to be as sexy as possible, but because that wasn't really allowed due to misogyny, she tried and mostly succeeded to pass it off as pure innocence. Here she is saying "I just want to please you guys, it's only natural - why do you judge me for being feminine? Men like feminine women bla bla" in an attempt to make the media be less judgmental about her livelihood.   She wasn't treated respectfully even though she was a huge star, because even though Holywood wanted a woman who was first and foremost sexy, they also judged and shamed the stars for trying to be exactly that. No wonder she was defensive about it - she lived up to the ideal the most, so she also had to be the spokesperson and defender of it. She was very much aware of her image.	labels:I think I didn’t properly explain what I meant. Her saying that “only women criticize what I wear” is very similar to the things that “oh I’m not like other women”  or “I only hang out with the guys” type of women say. Women like this tend to have internalized misogyny that they are not conscious of, and they continue to contribute to this societal problem by trying to put down other women while elevating themselves.   It’s sad because she suffers from exactly the problem that she is contributing to. I don’t think she had some “evil” thoughts or “connived” behind the scenes - in fact I believe from her personal life (and from people that knew her), she was a very sweet girl who was quite naive (which you can kind of tell based on how her relationships often went).   Also I don’t believe she had control over what she could wear while on set or that very famous JFK dress. Her stylist probably styled her and she had little to no input into her outfits.
text:Pretty much agree. I'm not sure how real the time constraints are but they could give the designers a lot more time, given it is a design competition and not speed-tailoring.     The more I think about it, I just want a documentary following one designers process for a season. I'm sure this is out there too	labels:The Margiela S.W.A.L.K. video is a condensed version.	episode_done:True
text:I have been very pleased with my Aritzia Wilfred cocoon coat! Cannot say enough good things about it, especially since MaxMara is astronomically more expensive.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone else have “irony pieces”?	labels:Unfortunately, my entire wardrobe as a construction worker.  I'm a construction superintendent, so I wear the same thing every day. Boils down to a thermal layer, hiking pants, a quarter zip fleece, a heated jacket, work boots, a vest, and a hard hat  After a couple years, I'm so used to wearing actually practical clothes that I'm annoyed to wear heels or deal with shitty pockets or worry about a skirt flying up.  I'm officially that queer woman who goes to the bar with her keys clipped onto her belt loop with a carabiner so I don't have to carry a purse
text:That’s whack. Out of curiosity, how do you know this was a sweatshop vs a legit workspace?	labels:super crowded, poor ventilation, a staff consisting entirely of south asian women, not enough masks to go around, really, really cold inside, and when I walked in the foreman/manager was extremely hostile about making me leave. Even in the unlikely event that everyone working there had a visa and was being paid the (frankly criminal on it's own) NYC Garment worker minimum wage of 12-and-some-change an hour, the conditions were not at all safe (for covid or just generally).  "Sweatshop" doesn't really have a strict definition but if you saw this place you would certainly feel bad about your clothes being made there. It's kind of an open secret that these places exist in NY and LA but coming face to face with one was kind of a shock.	episode_done:True
text:Runways have been sending out 2000s vibes. Anyone onboard?	labels:I thought we all agreed that we can't wear low waisted jeans because we're all too fat 😫😭
text:Love your comment mate, some really good basic foundations to build on.  Totally agree with the chinos, although I don’t always like the modern fashion of halfway up your ankle. I have a few pairs of this style for summer. But generally I prefer longer trousers.  T-shirt’s kept plain, keep the logo style ones for at home.   I would add a suggestion for a nice peacoat for winter, it’s a classic item that goes well with casual and smarter outfits (not a suit though, go for an overcoat for a suit).  I love a good pair of double monkstraps as a winter shoe, the right colour can make a casual outfit and it fits with smarter looks.   Great advice though!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:[Inspiration] Pearls	labels:Thanks for the inspo album this is a good collection..	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 22, 2020	labels:For some non-RO news, my GF and I were planning to road trip to New Jersey for the week for Thanksgiving to see her family (driving from Chicago). After things started getting even crazier these last several weeks I think we both got pretty anxious about it. Finally cancelled the trip when we talked it through and thought objectively about the whole thing.   While we both think we made the right call, my GF has been pretty upset. And then we see people packed like sardines into those shitty closed tents to have dinner or drinks. Hard not to be bitter that my GF can't see her family for a year b/c people can't be bothered to get takeout on a Friday night.    /rant
text:Ooo, I like your idea about the prints having a color in your color scheme! That’s something I’ve never thought of but I like the idea of. I have to go check my dresses now to see how close I am! :)	labels:It makes it easier for me to say no to items as well. :P I have tried multiple times to make navy and white dresses work in my wardrobe and they never get worn. Now they are banned!	episode_done:True
text:Printsiple: Bold prints for when life is not so black and white (Inspo)	labels:There's another Australian brand Gorman that I think you'd like.
text:Villanelle's Killer Wardrobe, Once Again	labels:Jodie Comer is on the cover of InStyle this month and her photo spread is gorgeous.	episode_done:True
text:Turtlenecks as a Base Layer - Inspiration Album	labels:Fantastic album, u/pzonee! Lots of great fits from mfa folks, and not just because of the turtleneck aspect.	episode_done:True
text:For Veterans Day (US): Military-Inspired Inspo	labels:Were can I get those woobie pants???	episode_done:True
text:The Adventure Continues: Duluth Trading Brings Best Made Back Online	labels:This is Awesome	episode_done:True
text:Bro they should hire you	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Fashion is dead. This is now a house plant subreddit.	labels:I have two plants ! Is that too much ??!?!!, minimalism must be 1 thing of each right ??)(? Then I m supposed to be happy ! I adopted my Plants from a shelter called IKEA - is that a good brand ??!???!	episode_done:True
text:What are your coziest winter finds/essentials?	labels:Ugh slippers!  I gave in and got a pair and I can't believe I let 14-year-old me influence 31-year-old me's purchases.   I also got two sweatsuit onesies from Old Navy and they're pretty fantastic. The only problem with them is that I'm between sizes so a SM looks great once it's on, but it's kind of a struggle and a MD is easy to put on but is baggy in a way that I can't really leave the house in	episode_done:True
text:What are you looking forward to buying for "pandemic life" this summer?	labels:Bike shorts and baggy cropped tees! If this summer is anything like the last, I’ll spend the entire time biking around my city and drinking beers in parks or on my friends roofs. Bike shorts are cute but still bike friendly (ofc) and i love a plain cottony or loose fitting tee.
text:How do you balance bright statement pieces with a capsule wardrobe?	labels:Its ok if a strict capsule doesn't work for you. Everyone's capsule can be different. You could have a secondary casule for your bright stuff to mix and match if you want! It's all about what works for you.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 30, 2020	labels:What's your favourite 100% wool turtleneck? something that can fit under a suit in lieu of a shirt and tie.  Under $100	episode_done:True
text:Suit Supply Review Times Two	labels:While we can't say for certain: is it possible that the second experience is the correct one? A lot of men believe that they need a fully custom suit to fit well, but in actuality for most body types the patterns are rather close. If an OTR size with alterations would look great, paying for MTM is a waste of money. I've done MTM suits and bought OTR suits and have generally found that getting OTR with alterations is a faster way to a well fitting suit than the low to mid level MTM stuff we're talking about here. I've done Indochino MTM which was generally a mess and a tuxedo from Black Lapel which eventually worked out well, following one full remake and $100 of local alterations (that they paid for). My OTR blue line suits from SS fit great after alterations.
text:what the fuck	labels:bad times	episode_done:True
text:Experience with fast fashion brands for office casual clothes (Shein, Fashion Nova, etc)?	labels:I would not recommend Shein. I see a lot of their clothes in thrift stores and I see why—the quality is really low, fabric is really thin. Plus it’ll take a long time to ship.   H&M is a great option for cheaper workwear pieces. Have you thought about using Poshmark or ThredUP?
text:Major sith vibes	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Blueberry	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 28	labels:Looking for a Shoulder bag to match my black bloc outfit, could somebody link me a cool one?	episode_done:True
text:That’s interesting. I think there is another brand literally called “Union Made” or something like that which is, go figure, not a union shop. The owners said they wanted to “give homage to that aesthetic” or something like that.  They had some cool looking Americana/workwear stuff but I just couldn’t pull the trigger. I certainly don’t buy union stuff all the time, but it just felt like they were taunting me and their employees with that aesthetic.	labels:It was a stockist  Lmao rip Union Made, the name was absolutely questionable at best but they stocked some of the best Kap pieces in the west	episode_done:True
text:Inspiration has to come from somewhere: The Burglyfe	labels:What year is it???	episode_done:True
text:Self-plug but I love seeing that /u/mfaimagebot has been getting use!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What ultimate-splurge fashion item would you buy to reward yourself for achieving a big milestone?	labels:Probably a Cartier Tank or Panthere watch.  I love the little Fossil watch that my husband bought me four years ago; but something about it is getting wonky, like it'll stop and start randomly and the second hand has fallen off twice.  It might be time to invest in a "forever watch" in the near future.     Edit:  The ultimate spurge would be a Chanel classic flap for my mom.  When I was in law school (and pretty broke), I gave my mom two Chanel lipsticks for Christmas and wrote in the card:  one day, this will be a bag.
text:L.L.Bean x Todd Snyder Brings Heritage Menswear Squarely Into 2020	labels:I haven’t felt this particular hat but let me say that I once decided to splurge on a cashmere tuque, and damn does it feel luxurious to walk around with your head in a cashmere cloud on a cold day. Just keep that in mind if you’re at all considering this one. Could make a good present.	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Back to School - a Dark(ish) Academia Inspired Style Album	labels:Mmmmmm I cannot wait for the weather to cool off enough for this!	episode_done:True
text:What is your favorite clothing/accessories subscription box?	labels:The only one I’ve tried is Frank and Oak, but I loved it! Like you, I was looking to make my wardrobe more “mature” and I got some really versatile pieces that I would probably never have chosen off a rack. The quality is excellent and holds up well through the wash. Plus, they let you preview and customize your box before it ships, which is great when you’re on a budget.
text:How would you describe the quality of self-knit/self-made clothes vs. store bought?	labels:a home sewer/ knitter, who is relatively experienced or at least willing to put in the time to do a good job can 100% meet or exceed the quality of store bought clothes. It's just a matter of using techniques and good quality materials. If I sew something quickly and don't finish my seams, it might not hold out as long as if I take my time and am careful and thorough with the finishing methods on the inside, then it will almost certainly be better quality and more sturdy than something from H&M, for example.	episode_done:True
text:If he wants borderline athletic-wear stretchy, I'd check out Lululemon and Duer.   There's also regular stretchy chinos/jeans. Banana Republic has a lot of pants built for comfort that hopefully he can find something that works.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Favorite unconventional workwear?	labels:Little Old Lady here.  Still dress the same, and in some of the same items, as in my last two jobs.  Graphic tees/denim shirts/hoodies/jeans/cargoes.	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge Announcement: Single Origin!	labels:bro my ethnicity isn’t even single origin how am I supposed to do this	episode_done:True
text:Okay this isn't a thrifting tip, but my feet are similar, and I've got a heel finding tip for you: Drag  With how big drag has become in the last few years there are a lot of online shops that cater to Queens who have a hard time finding shoes that are big and wide enough.  Lots of cute heeled shoe, sandal and boot options out there!	labels:shoefreaks is a godsend to anyone who wants crazy heels in a higher size/width.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - February 15, 2021	labels:Recommendation on white tees? Something that is fitted to slightly loose, thick cotton and decently priced ~$25 or under. I tired Hanes comfort but while they fit ok (slightly loose at the collar), they were completely see through and on the other end Kirkland fits and is thick but the cotton is terrible quality. Uniqlo is again too small and too thin. Any recs?	episode_done:True
text:How Much Clothing Should I Own?	labels:How much do you want?	episode_done:True
text:Bags that are actually beautiful - what are you loving?	labels:I'm definitely not a bag person either, I'm either out with my fanny pack worn cross-body or wear a small (or big) backpack. But, Telfar bags just do something to me. I love their sleek yet interesting design, the fact that they have many sizes, and they seem pretty practical if you're a bag person. When I'm older and have more money and reasons to wear a bag, maybe I'll own one.
text:Guidance organizing a suit for my fiancé for his father's funeral during lockdown	labels:Navy slacks without a pattern and white shirt (tie is not my area). Mismatch of fabric is critical in this case because you are not building suit, but rather classical sport coat and slack combi.
text:Does anyone else feel that nothing is unfashionable nowadays?	labels:The present always feels “neutral”. I think if you watch any reality show from the early 2010s, even as late as 2014-15, you’ll see a big difference from what was considered “no defining silhouette” then. things like just a tshirt change slightly in cut and shape over time.
text:General Discussion - November 21, 2020	labels:Hey fellow adults I can’t eat meals without spilling myself even tho I’m an adult who is an adult. What tips do you have for an adult who’s a messy eater despite being an adult?   Just curious if there are any other adults out there who struggle getting food from their plates to their mouth without using a baby’s bib?
text:What are you wearing for Halloween this year?	labels:Don’t think I’ll dress up this year but the best costume parties I’ve been to have been themed. In 2012 I went to a party themed “famous literary characters” it was a really diverse group and it was so much fun figuring out who was who and talking about different books
text:I like it as a fruit	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I thought the same, and asked myself if the post was tongue in cheek or something.  Ah yes, a capsule wardrobe with not one but two Noragis.  Interesting post/wardrobe but it's no capsule.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 28	labels:I love the way I look and feel in a nice pullover with a collared shirt peeking out the top.  But  I also tend to overheat easily, and most sweaters I've tried are too heavy for me to wear in the office when the heat is on. Is there a sweater brand that tends to be lightweight or more breathable that I can try? Is there a certain sweater material or knit that works this way?  Budget $130 Location US / EU  Side note: I'm pretty wedded to the crewneck, and I avoid cashmere because I've always found it to be too delicate. If I brush gently against a hedge on the sidewalk, I don't want to end up with a big hole in my sweater. I don't need the softest feel, and I appreciate all textures.
text:General Discussion - November 04	labels:Oof, running on about 4 hours of sleep. I'm cautiously optimistic about Biden, he's ahead where he needs to win and it should get better. He may get GA, PA, and NC yet.
text:Cristophe Loiron of Mister Freedom - Inspiration Album	labels:That’s suuuper Americana. Sometimes I feel this runs the risk of looking kind of cheesy if laid on too thick, but in this case this hard commitment looks really good.
text:"Can people just hate fashion again" - Synecdoche When Talking about the "Industry" Discussion	labels:I don't have much to do with High Fashion, mostly because I choose to live within my means.  I don't know what other "fashion" people would be into. There isn't a way to really celebrate anything BUT high fashion.  I don't, for the LIFE of me, understand why Target, Gap, and all the other stores where normal people shop don't hold their own runway shows. Why don't they "show" at NYFW? They're more relevant to my life than Gautier is.
text:Favorite brands for cocktail dresses?	labels:Rotate, Ganni, Tongoro Studio, Norma Kamali (maybe not underground but why mess with an easy classic)	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 30	labels:I'm looking for an undershirt that I can wear underneath slim-fitting turtlenecks. I want something to protect my wool sweaters from sweat stains, but don't add bulk.  Any suggestions?
text:General Discussion - October 31	labels:Shattered a porcelain bauble an old high school friend had given me, and now I've lost all motivation for the rest of the day.	episode_done:True
text:From American Gigolo To Withnail And I: The Best Big Coats In Film	labels:>both men do manage to pull off a rather nice duffle coat; we’re particularly fond of the contrasting togs on Mr Nicholson’s navy number.  then  >GET THE LOOK: *here's a shearling lined-corduroy pea coat and a brown herringbone polo coat, neither of which look remotely like a duffle coat*
text:Sizing relationships between brands	labels:Great advice so far, another thing to take into consideration is fabric type. For example pants in a cotton and spandex blend are going to be more forgiving, fit-wise, than 100% cotton. So for example I could wear skinny jeans in size 30 if they had spandex/elastene in the fabric, where the same brand and size in 100% cotton denim might not get past my hips.	episode_done:True
text:What are your thoughts on outfit repeating multiple days in a row?	labels:I think the pressure is to not be "strange/unaware of your appearance" or more likely not to look "poor/can't afford more clothes." Some people do notice, and the rude ones point it out. This perception starts young. Growing up, there were teachers and other school staff who repeated outfits and other children loudly pointed it out.  I repeat outfits as much as possible if I'm not seeing the same people (my household doesn't count). The internal pressure is strong to not repeat within a few weeks of seeing the same people to avoid potential comments.
text:Thanks for the recommendation!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Recent Purchases - December 09, 2020	labels:Dropped some weight over quarantine -- had to get all new pants. For office pants, I went with a bunch of different colors (Brown, Olive, Beige, Navy) in Rag & Bone Fit 2 chinos. Anyone have thoughts on their chinos?	episode_done:True
text:The sweater with neck holes 🕳 was absurd	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I saw some positive reviews of them online. I know they are cheaper so one should expect less from them, but why are they a disaster?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Any advice for overcoming self consciousness/self doubt when you're trying to step out of your comfort zone and expand your style?	labels:I also start by wearing new things at home, then out to errands at the grocery store. It feels safer than wearing something nice in front of friends and coworkers who will notice this is new; total strangers assume I just dress like this (or think nothing of it).	episode_done:True
text:When did skinny jeans go out of fashion?	labels:skinny jeans haven't been on trend since at least 2015-2016 imo. that's when mom jeans became all the rage.  That being said, skinny jeans are pretty much staples for most people. They go with a lot of outfits and make a lot of looks.   Just because something isn't currently on trend, does not mean it can't be stylish.
text:Yup - grandpa style, think the same haha  So do you think on these frames the gray colour would look dorky/nerdy? or idk enhance the look? that's the 2 sides of argument I am getting  &#x200B;  I am pretty good with my frames, but yeah they are super light weight and well titanium, so technically they can be fixed again idk how much it would cost, but I am pretty good with that (and would probably carry a hard case in a bagpack when doing some adventures)	labels:I guess depending on your face shape these glasses will look good. Rounder frames typically call for more angular/defined faces, otherwise they will accentuate the curve of your face.  As far as transitional go I would skip it on these frames. They got like a Morpheus kinda matrix vibe
text:General Discussion - November 20, 2020	labels:Might fuck around and start a Wu-Tang Clan cover group called Wide-Fit Clan where I make every lyric about killing slim-fit wearers
text:How do you handle budget increases when it comes to clothes? (ex. going from student to working professional)	labels:I finished up grad school last year and started working full time, so I totally went through that transition. For me, I don’t have a set clothing budget, but I do have a monthly “wants” budget that clothing purchases go into. I try to be strategic and identify gaps in my wardrobe and work from there, buying things as I have the money/need for them. It has been a big change going from mostly buying secondhand to having more to spend, but I still love to thrift/posh etc. My budget now is significantly more than it was in grad school though, so I have more flexibility.   One of the more difficult parts for me was feeling like I needed nicer, high quality items for work. Those get expensive! For example I recently bought a wool dress coat since I only had a parka. I am lucky in that my work is quite casual, so most of my wardrobe works for both work and casual stuff.	episode_done:True
text:We steal peoples’ ideas and make it better hahaha	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Permanent Style - Tucked in T-Shirt	labels:I know I should just not care what others think blah blah, but I really do wish this would become more common again. I don't feel weird at all tucking in a polo or button up, but I feel like tucking in the t-shirt is still thought of as grandpa like where I live. I have noticed younger kids, athlete types, tucking in shirts to athletic shorts.	episode_done:True
text:Its really almost the same thing all the time   They tend to come from /r/conservative , /r/PCMasterRace , /r/guns , /r/Catholicism	labels:And that does not include the various “I can’t get laid” subs.
text:Bernie Sanders' Mittens Won the Inauguration Fit Battle - And you, too, can own your own toasty upcycled woolen mitts.	labels:Bernie should just sell union made mitten on his website. >___>   I'd buy it.  His style is workwear and I'm really into that. Guess I'm getting old but I dig his grandpa style.	episode_done:True
text:I don't think we do. Have fun.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:You think so? I like olive shoes cause they contrast with a lot of the lighter colors. It all depends on the style I guess.  I got the Feits on sale so they were pretty good. Might review them eventually.	labels:Just my own preference on colours. A forest green would look a lot nicer (in suede?).   Would also love to get a review of Feit too!
text:/u/cdot5	labels:	episode_done:True
text:In Europe you have 14 day return policy on everything without needing to give a reason (im guessing youre in Europe since it came within a day from Portugal). If they dont agree to it you can involve the relevant consumer protection agency in your country.	labels:> im guessing youre in Europe since it came within a day from Portugal  He said it arrived "within a few days", and the screenshot is of the US website. Guessing OP is from the US.
text:People who built your wardrobe consciously from scratch - what were your strategies?	labels:I lost a whole load of weight and got bed bugs, which lead to me throwing out or not being able to wear a good portion of my wardrobe. Tbh it really sucked to no longer fit into all this beautiful clothing I had tailored to fit me perfectly, but that’s life I guess  What I actually did was basically buy a capsule wardrobe - I really like neutrals, so I bought only neutrals, and made sure everything worked with everything else. I’m pretty good at knowing what my style is, and all the pieces I got were pretty straight forward, but they all matched. What was good too, is I was able to buy a couple base pieces, and then after that I would buy stuff as I came across it. That way I wasn’t buying everything in one go, and was able to think about what I bought and if it would work for me. I did watch some capsule wardrobe videos on YouTube which helped.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 29, 2020	labels:I'm looking for winter pants, for about 50€, thick and warm material (not 4 seasons crap) and fuller cut (so more room in thighs, butt and leg) can be high rise.	episode_done:True
text:What are the Recurring Motifs, Symbols, or Images in your Style?	labels:Tigers! Not tiger stripes but more actual imagery/prints of whole tigers.
text:Big Coats	labels:I LOOOOOVEEE TRENCH COATS/LONG COATS <3	episode_done:True
text:Bruce Boyer on Finding Your Wardrobe and Sustainability in Fashion – Put This On (Derek Guy )	labels:i wish articles like this avoided the "expensive clothes sustainability" trope. the systems that lead to people being able to drop several thousand on a suit are inherently not sustainable, and i would love to see more discussion like that in the last question where consumption itself is addressed. imo the answer will involve more people taking responsibility for the origin of their own clothing with a focus on local labor and materials
text:Their website is awful. Had to log in multiple times just to get my rewards balance to show up. I ordered something weeks ago and it still hasn’t shipped.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 08, 2020	labels:Hi! My feet have been freezing recently and I'm trying to pick a pair of inexpensive (sub-$50) house slippers. I'm leaning towards a bootie style to keep as much heat in as possible, and Sherpa or some other warm, fluffy lining. I'm a size 12-13 depending on brand and planning to buy online.   A lot of the Amazon options that show up have mixed reviews and sizing issues so I'm hoping someone here can suggest a brand they like. Again, I'm not leaving the house much and these will just be for inside, so I'm looking for function over fashion (gasp!) on this one.   Thanks!	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 20	labels:Anyone have any exp with Ackermann Bomber Sizing/fit? I'm 5'8' 170 lbs and was thinking about Small?	episode_done:True
text:Actually Sustainable: How Brands Are Going Vintage	labels:Or buy fewer clothes of much better quality which suit your physique, in a colour which suits your complexion and of a style which is classic. Had most of my cashmere sweaters getting on for twenty years now. Likewise my John Smedleys. Trousers made to measure have had for around fifteen years.
text:Inspo Album: Mellow Yellow	labels:This is great! I've literally never worn anything yellow, but this is making me want to.	episode_done:True
text:/u/Numerous_Mushroom, would you happen to know?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The shirts are okay. The joggers, bomber jackets, and especially the hoodies are a no-go.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I've taken 566 outfit photos over 4 years (my style from mid-20s to 30)	labels:Just wanted to say this is an incredible post and people don't realize the amount of effort something like this takes. Thanks for taking the time to post high quality original content. You are one of the best parts of reddit.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- November 06	labels:Hi guys  Just wanted some advise if anyone here is familiar with the brand Uniform Bridge. I’m looking to buy a fleece of theirs but there is no sizing information anywhere! On the retailer’s or the merchandisers website.   I know it is a South Korean brand so it may fit smaller than a standard European size.   I would appreciate if anyone had any information on their stuff fits/ if they have any of their clothing.   Thanks in advance   Stay safe.   Ben	episode_done:True
text:Post-Baby Problems I Wish Someone Had Warned Me About	labels:This is terrifying thanks 😂😭
text:I really believe the skin tone thing gets too much weight. Follow the seasons, match or give your interpretation of a match of the terrain you'll be in and you're hard pressed to lose.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Your Go-To Tee Is Actually a Turtleneck	labels:I hate them, they're so 70s.
text:It isn't.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:It's just my personal opinion!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What do you like, fashion-wise, about loose-fitting clothing?	labels:There's something between form fitting and loose fitting and it's skimming the body. This looks more like that.   Skim fit can include looser fit items that aren't intended to be overly baggy but aren't intended to be skin tight. u/amelisha is describing this well, but also think about Audrey Hepburn and Jackie O and how their clothes fit them. They weren't skin tight. They were skim tight. Aka as "fitted."  We don't see that as often today with stretch being built into every fabric, and tailoring (beyond hemming) being rare.	episode_done:True
text:Oh yes my teaching college experience can be summed up with those two words...	labels:	episode_done:True
text:NTA it isn’t like you stole her dogs or anything, it was just a comment. She needs to get over it.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Are LBD’s really a MUST?	labels:Nah. I bought into that, and bought the dress. And honestly never used it.  The idea of having one dress forever is ridiculous. Styles change, bodies change, tastes change.   I’m not saying buy a dress that only fits one occasion but if you buy a dress you actually like regardless of colour or style/occasion you’ll probably get more use out of it.	episode_done:True
text:Really feel you on the past job clothes. I invested in classic pieces and tailored almost every item when I worked in a much more business professional role. I have no use for that wardrobe, or for the 10+ cocktail dresses I needed then, but I know I won’t be able to easily replace them.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Summer outfit inspiration: An inspo album and 6 lessons on how to make complete outfits even when you are dying of heat stroke	labels:I live in Scotland and our hot summers last about 3 days so I don’t have any tips lol, I just wanted to say I thought it was so funny how you seemed to get more and more excited with your commentary as the album went on!	episode_done:True
text:Anyone else missing party clothes?	labels:So much. I’ve been making do by dressing on the party side when going out to eat with my one bubble friend, but it’s not quite the same.   I bought a neon orange bodysuit with cut outs that I couldn’t resist the sale price of, and now I’m dying to be able to go to a place with black lights again and dance.	episode_done:True
text: But have you tried cougar gold?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Have your clothing purchases dramatically dropped now that we can't go anywhere?	labels:Yes... until this month when I just went fuck it, and splurged on a bunch of loungewear. And now I’ve been bitten by the shopping bug again and want all the shoes, and contemplating whether I would actually wear a leather button up or if it’s just sit in my closet looking pretty...
text:Pantone Color(s) of the year for 2021: Illuminating and Ultimate Gray	labels:This color combo feels so 2010ish. Like, when chevrons were on EVERYTHING and bubble necklaces were all the range.
text:How do you feel about vegan/faux leather?	labels:Unfortunately all the pleather items I've had ended up peeling so I tend to avoid fake leather now.
text:Decent bizcas shoes start at about $160 with [Beckett Simonon ](beckettsimonon.com)  If $100 is a hard cap consider preowned Allen Edmonds on eBay	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The best of basics: Black Leggings	labels:Depends if I plan on always wearing something over them or not, but one of my favorite pairs is from Nordstrom, Halogen brand. The fit is perfect and the fabric is stretchy and durable enough to be slightly slimming. I've had them for years and they look brand new no matter how many times I wash them.	episode_done:True
text:Stylish ways to carry emergency medication?	labels:Bags in menswear are more fashionable now than ever before. There's lot's of stylish shoulder bags from streetwear/fashion brands. Totes can be an option if you have a more "MFA uniform" or hipster look. And a briefcase or messenger bag might work as well if you're more of a bis casual guy.	episode_done:True
text:[Inspo Album] Inspired by a recent Red and Pink Comment: An Inspo album of unexpected, but totally wearable, color combos	labels:Fun! Definitely want to follow this thread. I love color—there is no color off limit in my wardrobe, however, I do find myself wearing too much black because it’s so easy. I bought a gorgeous light aqua blue Mansur Gavriel bag earlier this year. I think it’s really fun with yellow clothes and a red lip. I have always had an affinity for RGB or primary color schemes.	episode_done:True
text:What is your favorite clothing purchase of the year, and why?	labels:I bought a Seiko Flightmaster SNA-411 watch early in the Summer and have been really enjoying it. It's very different from other watches I have, busy-looking dial, but fun to look at.   In case watches don't count as clothes, my second favorite is a Barbour Sapper jacket, which I found in the Spring at a very good price. I've gotten a lot of use out of it. It's warm and dry, good pockets, and looks nice.	episode_done:True
text:Pros and cons of an a capsule wardrobe?	labels:I don't have a capsule wardrobe, but have curated my closet with the... Spirit of the capsule wardrobe in mind? Starting with going through each item and doing a major cull, then really assessing what I have and what I "need" to make things work more to my liking. does everything go together all of the time? No, have I honed in so I have more options around my favorite pieces, yes absolutely!!   Also wardrobe tracking will help A LOT so you know what you ACTUALLY wear vs... your pinterest "look"
text:(UPDATE) Ladies who miss fashion/makeup/getting dressed up... how are you doing?	labels:I’ve tried to make it exiting by changing my style. We moved from NYC to London just before the pandemic hit so I’ve tried to take the opportunity of working from home and being in a new place to experiment.  I bought some things that are comfy and I actually want to put on without actually just wearing my pyjamas or sweats all day and that’s helped a lot. Stuff I probably never would have worn before like crazy patterned dungarees, doc marten boots and sweaters with clouds on them, etc. I figure now is a good time to experiment because no one is really seeing me anyway	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 30	labels: Just got my Chippewa super loggers in the mail. they fit great, but when the boot flexes the flex point pushes down on the ball of my foot. its not uncomfortable, just noticeable. As the leather breaks in will it become less noticeable? Ive never owned a pair of logger so im not sure what to expect out of the box.	episode_done:True
text:Wow, you have articulated something I’ve never been able to do before, but always so deeply felt! I’m plus sized, can’t walk in any heeled shoe to save my life, and wince at spending more than $40 on a pair of pants. What do I like? Effortless, Aritzia type, skinny jeans and blanket scarf looks paired with healed boots that are styled on straight sized models whose socks cost more than my whole outfit 😂.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Nobody doing all black drapes, smh. I thought this is *fashion*.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What is your favorite clothing/accessories subscription box?	labels:Subscriptions are great to save wardrobe space but cost more in the long run. They can't always get it right and may not have the inventory you desire.  Shop around for a style that suits you that is durable and will last longer and it will save money in the long run.	episode_done:True
text:How do you shop for specific things without google clogging up with items from fast fashion? Or. How do you find the real designer of a fast fashion item?	labels:Maybe try using pinterest. You can change the price bracket, perhaps you'll arrive at better quality fashion.	episode_done:True
text:Fellow clothing trackers, what coveted items are you tracking now?	labels:Omg I thought I was the only one who did this!   I bought a pair of amazing green boyfriend jeans from lucky brand in 2017. They had wonderfully deep pockets and fit me perfectly. my favorite pair. So comfy and flattering and went with everything. They were ruined a few months ago in a stain remover accident, and I have been searching for them online ever since. I actually found a pair in grey but the green ones are my white whale.	episode_done:True
text:I can pretty much only wear wool sweaters if I'm fully covered underneath it. Unless it's largely or entirely cashmere.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Dressing for “housework” vs “working from my house”	labels:Embrace the apron!  I know it sounds twee and cottage core but a good apron allows me to do housework and cooking while protecting the clothes I wear. I prefer a pinafore style for freedom of movement and ease of putting on and off.
text:It's in the list, maybe we will see it in the upcoming weeks. We did have a previous theme called "A Fit You Can Change a Tire In" which is pretty much the same thing too.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:When I see a person who does not take care of his/her body at all with expensive tattoos on them I always think to my self how much better invested that money he/she spent in those tattoos would’ve been spent in a personal trainer, learning how to eat healthy and so on.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I watched the first few episodes of season 1 of The Crown when it came out and wasn't impressed. Everyone is talking about the new season so we skipped ahead and I'm really enjoying it. Maybe we'll go back and watch the first seasons when we're done.  Otherwise we finished The Boys, The Leftovers, Watchmen, True Detective, Girls and Parks & Recreation over lockdown and thought they were all excellent.	labels:imo the first season of the crown is not very good but it improves a lot after that. seasons 2 and 3 are definitely worth a watch if you’re enjoying 4.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 17, 2020	labels:So apparently all you have to do to get reddit users to embrace avant garde fashion is to call is star wars influenced.  Wish I could say I was surprised
text:TheRealReal x Gucci	labels:It’s not generous. $1 for items priced $300-$15000? They have a huge margin.   Also, the Real Real regularly puts the market price/retail price for goods higher than they actually are so that the goods are only a few dollars cheaper than new.   I’m sure people can find deals from time to time but I’m not a fan of the site.
text:You’re so right, I have bad shopping impulse control and this works for me too.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:[Inspiration] Florals are such a mood	labels:I'm obsessed with florals, even though it sort of goes against what I want my aesthetic to be (simple, neutral) haha. I usually find myself adding florals through accessories so I can get my floral fix. I love florals against a dark background - there's something so stunning about it.	episode_done:True
text:Hiking and the Outdoors Inspo Album	labels:> by wearing garments that are associated with the outdoors, we signal our desire for a more bucolic lifestyle rendered increasingly unattainable.  Love this quote. I want to dress like this always, despite spending the majority of 2020 indoors.	episode_done:True
text:How do I improve my fashion sense beyond just tshirt and jeans?	labels:Go on Pinterest and pin things that catch your eye. Once you have a board try and find similarities between the pins (for example ruffles, silk, strappy backs etc) and start searching up those things at stores that are within your price range.  In terms of comfort, look for materials you like and what silhouettes you’re into. If you tend to do tighter tops with more volume at the bottom then look for dresses that match that for example. If you know you like cotton blends look for those.    Also look for stores that carry petite sections or find a tailor in your area  Don’t go crazy trying to push yourself too far out of your comfort zone. Look for things that are your style but that you’ve never worn before.
text:Yes, I had this issue with my coat too! It’s one of the reasons I didn’t like the result... the sleeves ended up looking really disproportionate, and not in a cool, intentional way.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Yes, that's absolutely true actually. Embarrassing oversight from a longtime MA resident. Will post a comment edit to that section...	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Brown and Olive: Color Combination Series	labels:!mfaimagebot 7	episode_done:True
text:I've taken 566 outfit photos over 4 years (my style from mid-20s to 30)	labels:Damn, those lessons hit hard. What a great write up and reflection!	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 11, 2020	labels:Has anyone had any experience with Stitch Fix and actually getting anything good from them? I don't really trust their "stylists", but I signed up with a free $100 referral link just to see if I could get a free dress shirt from them or something.
text:How to Choose Better Shoes	labels:How many of you are wearing suits right now?
text:What was your first 'expensive' fashion purchase?	labels:It was 2009, I was on a business trip to a place that had the first Tiffany store I'd ever seen. I'd just gotten my tax refund and I was positively salivating over an oval tag Return to Tiffany necklace.   I was 25. I rented my very first rental car, printed out my map quest directions, and set off in the direction of the mall.   Entering the store, I had the distinct feeling that I didn't belong there. Everything is so SHINY. Fuck it, I took my time and drank it in. A very coiffed woman asked me if there was anything she could help with. I made my move. I ordered up my dream luxury necklace. She was polite, but skeptical.  It was laid out on a display board, so close to being mine- its little Tiffany blue bag set neatly beside it.   Wrap it up- I'll take it! I'll be passing on my cheap knock off oval tag, it's the real thing, baby!  $330. I'd never spent that kind of money on anything. My rent was $400, FFS.   Guess who forgot to tell the bank I'd be traveling? This girl. STRAIGHT UP DENIED.   The looks of "knew it" as I left the store penetrated my soul. I've had walk of shames that were way less shameful.  I called the bank and eventually got it sorted and went back for my necklace.   I haven't worn it in probably 8 years at the least. Don't even know if they still make them.	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge Announcement: Single Origin!	labels:Is "place" like "retailer" or "designer" or "location". Like, is Japan a place?
text:What I Like is Not What I choose to wear	labels:What I like to look at and what I like to wear are not the same thing. I actually think a lot of fashion struggles come from people not understanding how to separate what they find aesthetically interesting from what meets the specific needs in their life.  When you look at a photo of an outfit, you're not *just* reacting to the outfit itself. You're also reacting to the body of the model, the styling choices (makeup and hair), and the photography decisions (the pose, the location, the lighting).   I might look at a photo and think "that person looks so cool in that outfit," but that person isn't me. I would not look that cool in that outfit because I'm a completely different person.  When I choose clothing for myself it needs to satisfy my aesthetic tastes when paired with my body and the amount of effort I'm willing to put into styling (i.e. zero), as well as suit the needs for my daily life. That's actually a limited number of options for me.   But when I am admiring an outfit or a photo, I'm not constrained by my hang ups about my body or the needs of my daily life. I can just like the outfit without having to contextualize it around myself, which is actually quite nice.  So, personally speaking, my interest in fashion isn't limited to clothing I would choose to wear. I find it's much more freeing to allow myself to enjoy fashion and outfits without always questioning whether I would like the outfit on my own body.
text:The wild size variation kills it for me. I'm typically an XXS or XS at Uniqlo but have gotten a few pieces that fit my partner, a S/M in Men's.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Model poses while online shopping	labels:They do that when the fit if the garment is inferior. It is intentional.  Beware items that have this kind of photography, because most of the time it means the garment has bad construction, weird seam placement, or unfortunate details.  Well constructed items are not shot in this manner. Brands want to show off their excellent construction. It is known.  Hope that helps!
text:I completely agree. I think labor can only be an unlimited resource when it's being exploited. The environmental piece is also important, but sustainability needs to be more comprehensive.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Aww thank you so much! Trying to refine my own style!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Review your winter 2020/2021 outerwear: how did your coats and sweaters hold up this season? Would you recommend your specific brand to someone looking for warm layers. Did you add anything new to your winter wardrobe that stands out?	labels:I received a Patagonia coat in 2019 and it’s been a godsend. I live in the Midwest, so winters are long and can be brutal, but my long parka from Patagonia keeps me toasty through long walks on campus. Plus I just love the company’s ethics, so it felt like a good investment and a good company to support.	episode_done:True
text:Problem for me is that everything is on sale right now	labels:There’ll be more sales for the same things. Maybe make a list and sort by priority?	episode_done:True
text:I keep seeing those Labour Union ads on Instagram, so weird.	labels:The clothes appear to be well made and reasonably priced, but their marketing strategy is lousy AF. Workwear fetishism at it's finest + design theft = not a good look.
text:When will I be "too old" to look cute, cool, hip, whatever?	labels:36 year old here, grinding my teeth at you for asking this question at 22.  This is my constant internal monologue, but I think that it is always appropriate to try and present yourself to others in the best possible light.  I can't tell you how things will change for you, but I have found that my tastes have developed and age has sanded off the fringiest edges of my fashion interests.  I used to want to (relatively) keep up with trends, and now my aesthetic goal has shifted into a desire for a more timeless look; probably because at 36 I would also like to be timeless.  So at the end of the day I hope to dress like someone that wears quality clothes, with a flattering fit, and they indicate that I care about my appearance.  And I don't think you're ever too old to fit that criteria.  The fact that you're asking the question probably means that you are introspective and will adjust your style as well.
text:[Inspiration] MFA wears rings (& other jewelry)	labels:Excellent.....	episode_done:True
text:- Remove your phone number. - Use a different e-mail address (optional, I didn't)  - Turn off the setting that recommends your profile to others. - Don't use your real name anywhere, or any online names you are already using - I chose a different handle and entered my "real name" as my initials but I think you can also leave it blank. - Use a full-body shot as your profile picture. - Don't interact with your IRL contacts from your WAYWT gram.  The result is that you will be recommended to people you know way less / not at all, and if you _are_ your profile shouldn't be immediately recognisable as you so people will skip over it.  Then, finally:  - realise that 99% of people you know who will see your profile won't give a shit	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Good Cheap Stuff Appreciation	labels:Hanes Premium t-shirts on Target. Best $7 t-shirt you can buy.	episode_done:True
text:When is a garment worth it to you?	labels:It is highly subjective, but the old saying "you get what you pay for" is true. High end materials and fibers will cost more. There is a point, however, where you start paying for the label beyond the quality of the materials. Then, it is just a matter of preference.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 21, 2020	labels:Hi gang,  Thanks for a largely good and positive year here! However, I find I really need to take a break from reddit/social media especially just prior to the holidays as it's far too easy to come across a story or comment that just destroys my mood. I'd rather be present for my family.  Hope you all are able to enjoy the holidays in your own way, that you stay safe and healthy, and that we all have a much better 2021!  Best,  Met
text:No clue about winter wear. Please Help!	labels:As someone who lives in canada and has experienced -50 C days, you should also consider how much time you spend outside. If you're only time outside consists of walking from your door to the car you don't need to dress as warm as someone who has to walk 20 minutes to catch the bus.	episode_done:True
text:I used to agree with this but Nordstrom has changed their algorithms and their site/app has much higher stock accuracy than it used to. And I can promise if it’s a final item in the company, the stock team is 99x more likely to locate it than a sales associate. The stock team needs to find a manager to sign off on a rejected order while a sales person answering the phone just needs to act like they checked (spoiler: they usually don’t).   Just check the app often, maybe multiple times a day, and place the order the second you see it.   Edit for clarity	labels:Used to work there and this isn’t true. Employees in store can check where items are and request other stores to ship it. They’ll typically try hard to do this too because they get commission off of it. There is the chance that the item can be denied if it’s only 1 in stock at another store, but they have a quota on denying items too, so they don’t want to do that often.   Try going into a store to see if they can find another store to ship it directly to you.
text:Never buy anything from FILA.com	labels:Hmmm. No offense but you should always read the cancellation and returns policy of any online shopping store before you buy something. You could try approaching PayPal.  Edit: Damn, y'all moan harder than a pornstar
text:General Discussion - December 07, 2020	labels:Some wholesome news. My partner and I are getting increasingly serious about getting married and I thought before moving forward I should "come out" as NB, make sure they would be okay if I'd make this a salient part of my public persona etc. Their answer was "duh, like I don't know that".  Our nups will be *toit*.  edit: thanks all :)  edit: also thanks all who asked about pronouns etc. I am A-ok with male pronouns, "dude", "my man" etc.
text:Congrats! Hitting the big numbers.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I agree but this is also a slippery slope that I have personally succumbed to. If you can afford to spend a little more, Id say spend some time finding ethical brands that fit your style. They’re out there somewhere. The stuff I find on Poshmark usually is just okay fitting and i almost always find a good reason why the original owner wanted to sell it (e.g. slightly ill fitting.) instead of wasting money (and gas/materials because packages need to be packaged and shipped), take the time to research companies and KNOW YOUR MEASUREMENTS if you want to buy online.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Pockets in Women's Clothing	labels:I want a marsupial style pouch on every article of clothing I own, and the misogyny preventing that from happening truly disgusts me.  If my dream comes true, I’ll keep my purse, wallet, keys, phone, makeup bag, hair dryer, a change of lingerie (be prepared ladies!!!) and of course a gallon of lactose free milk.
text:Have you ever participated in a clothing swap - in person or online?	labels:Pre-Covid, I went to several clothing swaps hosted by a friend of a friend. The clothing swap would be at a bar in the area, you could get drinks (friend of friend is a bar tender) and go through the clothing on the tables. You could choose to drop off clothes and take nothing, you could choose to give away nothing and take stuff and anything else in-between. Most people came with stuff and left with different items. Everything left over at the end of the night was donated.   I LOVED going to these swaps. I got so many awesome things and it was a great way to give away things that I was no longer interested in wearing.
text:General Discussion - January 02, 2021	labels:about to scramble some eggs fresh from the chicken coop, I love being country chic
text:2020 Gift Megathread	labels:What do y’all get the men in your life? My brother, dad, brother in law and godfather are incredibly hard to shop for (brother and brother in law are 30s, dad and godfather are 60s).  EDIT: Thanks for the suggestions everyone. Socks, headphones and booze seem like they'd work best for my guys so far :)
text:New Years resolutions/new here? This post might have something for you. Please click for info on how to ask for advice, what do, and how to make the most of our community!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- November 01	labels:Any recommendation for sneakers for winter. I need something lightweight for mild/ wet conditions and also has good grip and non slippery.	episode_done:True
text:Moncler acquires Stone Island	labels:Unexpected, but interesting. I'd rather Moncler became more like SI than SI became like Moncler, but genius and the RO collab shows that they're willing to be adventurous.
text:Next level sueded crew/v neck 6410/6440. No need to pay more than that for the perfect shirt.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Walmart fashion a “new” thing as seen on IG bloggers?	labels:I think they haven’t caught up with Target yet as far as having a wide selection of cute stuff. I do like their leggings and I bought a really nice $2 tank top in a rusty color there. I felt a bit bad that a tank top could even be $2. I wonder if it’s a loss leader like the Costco rotisserie chickens.	episode_done:True
text:WEEKLY DEALZ~	labels:I love buying secondhand, but I feel like shopping in person (at goodwill, etc.) is so  better than on Poshmark/Thredup/Ebay. I've missed finding deals during quarantine!    Recently, I found out that goodwill has online auctions now! The pictures are terrible, and the brands are frequently misspelled, and the descriptions are almost nonexistent. But, for example, I've wanted a London Fog trench for a while, and they're just... there. A bunch of options. Much cheaper than on most resale sites. It's a risky buy, but for like $12, worth a shot!	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me, you forgot to add "decide to buy," "go to store to purchase," "find out item is out of stock/doesn't come in your size/doesn't exist," and "give up on life" to the first of your two scenarios.	labels:Omg yes 😭	episode_done:True
text:Teaching Men’s Fashion and Esntls - The Truth and honest review	labels:Ayo anyone selling a Oversized grey long sleeve in Large? 👀	episode_done:True
text:Or even when you look at a brand’s size guide and it’s just references to their other sizes... like thanks for telling me that a 2-4 = size small! ?!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Oxford cloth button downs: a short historical inspo album	labels:I would only ever wear white Oxfords. I'm not big into patterns in general but for me patterned oxfords are just garish & unpleasant	episode_done:True
text:Anyone else feeling incredibly disconnected from the 'fashion world'?	labels:I like wearing completely insane looking things. My day job (pre pandemic) is in museums and I'm a specialist in historical textiles and fashion. My last job had a running joke that I was actually a time traveling medieval witch on the run from the inquisition. I wear adaptations of freaking medieval kirtles. I look like a very well dressed mad woman and it's awesome.  Outlandish and soulless are not the same thing. To. Me honestly they're opposite ends of the spectrum. What feels truly soulless to me is trying so hard to appeal to someone else in that you lose a sense of self.  Be bizarre and outlandish. Just do it for the right reasons. Wear your witch hat and make petticoats cool again. Fashion is not the enemy. Small wardrobes and neutrals are not the holy grail. Finding out that some people try to cheat and buy their way to an image doesn't matter. You can still make it awesome.  Now I'm off to try and find somewhere to wear my purple satin kimono with cream and gold brocade trim to.
text:Are we really out here gendering silver?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Trying to get into jewelry	labels:Honestly jewelry can be had at any budget.  If you want to get started, consider supporting artisans who make and design the jewelry.  Two subs on Reddit are r/Random_Acts_of_Etsy and r/ArtisanGifts	episode_done:True
text:PTO is/has always been “classic” menswear-focused, so I’d imagine one has to (or at least feel the need to) preemptively defend their post against the crowd that calls jeans “dungarees” and thinks tee shirts are only underwear.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Fashion Inspo Albums: Bold Feminine Professional, Feminine Dapper, and Flamboyant Androgynous Overlord	labels:I think you have phenomenal taste!	episode_done:True
text:Oof yeah, I'm convinced 95% of people on this sub's only interaction with Supreme as a brand is resell market for box logos only	labels:I'll go to my grave wanting a red Schminx tee	episode_done:True
text:SOMETIMES it's weird British stuff. Haven't seen MFA's favorite cons yet but I'll keep a look out	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Bruce Boyer on Finding Your Wardrobe and Sustainability in Fashion – Put This On (Derek Guy )	labels:i wish articles like this avoided the "expensive clothes sustainability" trope. the systems that lead to people being able to drop several thousand on a suit are inherently not sustainable, and i would love to see more discussion like that in the last question where consumption itself is addressed. imo the answer will involve more people taking responsibility for the origin of their own clothing with a focus on local labor and materials
text:What The Designer Behind Common Projects Did Next	labels:The designer behind overpriced blank white sneakers?	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 11, 2020	labels:*it’s the current meta*   Fuck you nerd, it’s not a video game
text:Does anyone have any visual guides for how clothes should fit	labels:Geidre Kavaliunaite on Youtube makes some great videos about styling. I can't remember if she gives super specific rules for fit, but I know I've learned a lot from her. I used to watch them constantly! I like that we can see the before and after pictures at the same time.	episode_done:True
text:What is your ideal first date outfit?	labels:Man, I had this short, lacy white dress I wore for YEARS. It was just a babydoll dress from UO or something, pretty casual, but it looked killer on me. In the winter, I’d wear tights and boots (and a coat, of course); in the summer nice sandals or sneakers depending on my mood. Sometimes I’d add a long necklace, sometimes just super simple earrings. It worked every time, my magic dress. It got lost in a move, but the move was cross-country with my bf with whom I have a dog, so I think the dress did its job.	episode_done:True
text:The Terribly High Cost of Cheap Goods	labels:I have a freezer that is almost 30 years old and hasn't skipped a beat.	episode_done:True
text:Recent Purchases - December 27, 2020	labels:I found a Schott 740 yesterday for $7 while thrifting yesterday and I my eyes literally widened as a saw it. It's in pretty good condition too.  It's a size too big but I either might just rock it anyways it trade it in for a smaller size.
text:How do you actually incorporate colour in your wardrobe?	labels:Start with colors that go with your existing colors. Navy goes really well with mustard yellow. Mustard yellow goes with black and white effortlessly.   Once you have that down, then choose colors that go with the colors you added. So, if you added mustard, than, brown goes with mustard. Viridian goes with mustard. Pink goes with mustard. So on and so forth. Some colors will look good on you, and some won’t, so, the best way to incorporate colors is to just try colors on.
text:Inspo Album: No-Nonsense Professional Stately Fantasy Princess	labels:YESSSSSSS	episode_done:True
text:How do you dress in a casual work environment if you really enjoy fashion/dressing up?	labels: I don’t know that I have a unique style, but I remember my first office job where I could wear something more than the company assigned uniform. I was super excited too!    I would hold off on your shopping spree until you work in office for a bit. That way you can make sure what you buy not only incorporates your style, but is also something you feel comfortable wearing in an office setting.   I tend to work with an older, more conservative crowd but I am having a hard time picturing wearing crop tops in an office setting, maybe I am completely wrong, but I think you want to get the feel for working there (and how much effort you are realistically going to put into dressing up each day!) before you spend a lot of $$!	episode_done:True
text:Feeling self-conscious with changing style around family - anyone relate? Tips?	labels:I'm exactly your age, and facing the exact same situation lol. My mom always makes comments on my clothes at home - both good and bad. It makes me insanely self-conscious, but one of the things that helps the most is compromising with myself. Like if I want to wear a pair of pants that I'm not sure how my family will think of, I'll try to pair it with a shirt that I know I won't feel self-conscious in and that my family/friends won't think is too out there. Call it a variation on the whole little shirt/big pants formula - unknown shirt/known pants, or known shirt/unknown pants. I know this isn't a perfect solution but it really helped me ease into things back home. Eventually, all your clothes will be known quantities and you'll be able to start dressing how you like almost all the time. :)	episode_done:True
text:Those of you who, like me, don't have a closet (sob).. how do you organize your clothing/shoes/accessories/jewelry?	labels:I have a tall chest of drawers (from IKEA) that I fold all of my clothes into, and have a small mirror and my jewellery case on top. For coats and jackets I have a garment rack that has some shelving on the bottom for shoes and bags. The styles are very minimalistic but I like looking at my clothes on display!	episode_done:True
text:Face Mask Reviews - Round II	labels:One that I've really liked is the Proper Cloth mask. You can get it in either around the ear or over the head elastic. There is a fair amount of color/pattern choice. And it's 3-ply: two layers of cotton cloth with a washable N95 filter in the middle
text:Ask Bride and groom what they are expecting tbh	labels:	episode_done:True
text:So jealous! I want a squash blossom badly, I love a big statement necklace worn with all black.	labels:Meeee toooooo! Almost everything else I wear is thrifted, so I save a ton of money on clothes every year. This allows me to put aside $100-$150 a month to save up for these types of purchases. My husband is all for it because we share some of the larger cuffs and certain necklaces/bolos, so he paws through the collection too when we get dressed to go out.
text:Plants and Fashion: A Marriage of Obsessions	labels:I am in love with the witchy, earthtones and roots-and-herbs plant aesthetic  Okay, so this is my vibe. The hard part about my fashion journey is that I have a difficult time finding things that fit the aesthetic. Do you have any inspo albums or recommendations on where to shop?	episode_done:True
text:Pros and cons of an a capsule wardrobe?	labels:Disclaimer-- I know myself well enough to know that a capsule wardrobe is not for me.  When I get back from traveling, I cannot wait to wear different clothes.  Consider your laundry situation.  Having a smaller wardrobe means that you will be doing laundry more often.  If you're one in a family of 6, it may not be a big deal.  But for a single apartment dweller (pay per load), the additional costs can add up quickly.   Because I pay per load, I make sure that I maximize the capacity and only wash full loads (I'm paying the same no matter the capacity).  I am not one to hand-wash clothes in a bathroom sink.  Not now, not ever!   I do laundry roughly every other week alternating lights and darks.  (Sheets and towels are their own ballgame, and I will sometimes throw things in with them.)
text:I think a non zip hoodie is a universally better option. I also strongly disagree with getting a merino or cashmere one - it’s only going to make them look more awkward due to the material vs style formality clash. Stick to simple cotton if you really prefer a zip up over a pull over.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What do you get tailored?	labels:I recently got my trench tailored. I am unusually short and skinny, so pretty much all of my clothes need to be, but I’m a poor grad student who can’t afford that yet.  But the magic done on that trench convinces me of the wonders of a perfectly fitted outfit and I can’t wait to tailor my whole wardrobe.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 30, 2020	labels:/u/theteenagegentleman   Ethan, quite the barrage of shots fired in the newest podcast/blog post. It was funny listening to it and having the same IG account/influencer come to mind over and over again... and then hearing your take on the *x* thousand follower thank you post completely confirming that he's one of the guys on your shit list, haha.
text:This is a way better story than just finding something expensive!	labels:I agree, thanks for pointing it out	episode_done:True
text:I’ve thought both the app and the website have always been terrible. I don’t know how anyone finds anything on it.  It feels like a giant dark pattern designed to trap teenagers.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:If you change "military inspired" to "COD COLD WARZONE FITS POGCHAMP" it would get 100x more upvotes	labels:There's probably something to be said here though about the difference between our associations with the term 'military' which is disparately evocative to the associations someone might have with a fantastical or gameified work that includes military elements or concepts.  (There's also something to be said about whether or not people making those kind of games have an obligation to address the serious implications of gameifiying the history of certain cultures' violence and wars)
text:Where do you get good quality, legit wool sweaters that won't rip/shrink after washing?	labels:Do you use mesh bags? These make a huge difference! They are easy to find on amazon and such. But I think Ross/TJ Maxx are the real winners for these, they always have random ones on clearance. Pick up a few in various sizes, and this will protect your delicates more than throwing them in the regular wash.
text:DAE feel they made incredibly ODD fashion purchases, this year in 2020?	labels:I bought more designer clothes this year (AllSaints, DVF) because of the covid sales and I can definitely see a difference in quality compared to my usual clothing purchases. I think going forward I’ll save up for the right thing instead of settling for the “ok” choice with clothing.	episode_done:True
text:show me the pants	labels:what pants i dunno what you're talking about I don't wear pants	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 11, 2020	labels:Is the Uniqlo email sign up $10 off not working for anyone else? I keep getting “10off” as my code and it doesn’t work	episode_done:True
text:Congratulations and Welcome to our New Moderators!	labels:Congratulations my friends	episode_done:True
text:That’s the biggest life lesson I’ve carried on from one of my high school teachers - if you find you truly love an item of clothing, it’s worth the time to go back and get it in every color (that’ll fit your wardrobe).   Now if only I were the type to recognize immediately that I love an item instead of waiting until it’s no longer sold, that’d be grand.	labels:I also suffer majorly from non-buyer remorse, but just had a major win recently! If I love something but I'm either not able to afford it or just not ready to pull the trigger, I take a photo of myself in the item, a photo of the store tag, and a photo of the tags on the clothing (especially any tag with a style number). I spent 3 years looking for a specific out of my budget Paige denim jacket that I tried on at Nordstrom Rack by scouring ebay, etsy, poshmark, etc.   Last month I finally found the exact jacket (confirmed by the style number and tag information) on Poshmark in excellent shape for a great price. Unfortunately in those 3 years I've gained a bit more weight than I realized and it's a bit tighter than my original try on photos, but still wearable!
text:What types of dresses would it be practical to have on hand for common different wedding types?	labels:I literally just spent a lot of time picking a “wedding guest” dress and one thing I tried to take into consideration was the fact that I don’t go to a lot of weddings, so I tried to nab something that will fit me through weight fluctuation since I plan to rewear it to weddings in the future. I also tried to aim for the middle ground between “covered enough to wear to a conservative wedding” and “not so dowdy I feel 30 years older than I am”. A wrap dress to the knee ended fitting this bill for me!
text:/r/Malefashionadvice Best of 2020 voting & nomination thread	labels:Best wildcard of 2020
text:For Veterans Day (US): Military-Inspired Inspo	labels:ID on #1 quilted pants?
text:Wardrobe Problems: Separates	labels:Omg YES! I'm the same. All I had were free T shirts to wear with any pants I had or my one white dress shirt. I hit up J Crew and sewed two boxy tops and now I have OPTIONS and two nice pull over sweaters I can wear in the winter.	episode_done:True
text:Just wanted to note that OP isn’t posing the question, she posted her own answer. It looks like she cross posted the MFA thread.	labels:You are totally right. I didn't see her initial comment :)	episode_done:True
text:In Honor of RBG, What is your Dissent piece?	labels:A pair of great quality, black leather high heels with a slight platform sole, may not sound like much but they give me 5 inches extra height and I’m already 5’8”, walking in to meetings in those gives me an edge as I’m often the tallest one there. I’ve had to face down a fair few older, conservative type men in my day and they have generally hated me being taller and knowing my stuff!
text:The White Issue: Has Anna Wintour’s Diversity Push Come Too Late?	labels:I wonder why the diversity question only comes up when it’s majority white, nobody seems to have a problem with company’s or people who go out of their way to promote everything that isn’t white. Since when was simply being white or Eurocentric offensive?
text:Black Friday Sale/Deal List 2020	labels:Todd Snyder is now 30% off sitewide (no minimum spend but some exclusions).	episode_done:True
text:How to build an age-suitable varied chic wardrobe?	labels:I think the easiest way to dress down an outfit is with casual shoes. I like the YouTuber Cocobeautea and you can tell her simple style of jeans, gold jewelry, and t-shirts looks totally different with heeled leather boots versus sneakers. I would also say more casual jackets like a jean jacket can dress down an outfit.   But really you should wear what you feel best in!	episode_done:True
text:Spring/summer 2021	labels:I have missed a whole summer so this summer I get to wear whatever I want and not what fashion wants. I want to get some fitted knee-length a-line dresses that show my assets and hide the rest. I intend to wear them with white pointy toe leather ballerinas or pumps and with a matching fitted cardigan. Colors: all the blues, reds, whites and aquas for me. And I want pockets in my dresses.   Screw this current oversized look that looks horrific on me. Screw these horrific washed out colors. I am a woman and want to feel like one.
text:So *this* is why people post inspo albums.	labels:Inspo albums are the way the MFA shadow cabal controls the second hand market	episode_done:True
text:give me a reason: inspo from multiple sources	labels:What's the jacket in pic 10?
text:Turtlenecks as a Base Layer - Inspiration Album	labels:Just found and bought my first turtleneck, so it's time to stop getting over the weird phobia I have with wearing them lol. It's the exact one Jesse Pinkman wore at the end of El Camino. I just had to have it.	episode_done:True
text:Creative pragmatism light	labels:I have to say, I had never heard of Amy Smilovic before, but I am glad to have been introduced!  Her style and the Tibi style are really not anything that I would wear, and yet I find a lot of her advice really useful.  In particular, I watched her 'closet cleanout' story, and her "blocks" as ways of categorizing clothes make a lot more sense to me than the basics/statements dichotomy. She divides it into WOFs (WithOut Fails), I&Os (Ins & Outs), and HTHs (Had To Haves).  In this way, an item can be bold and colourful and still be a staple in my closet (a without fail), or it could be very simple and basic, and still fall into the In & Out or Had to Have category.  I guess in my mind, basics are usually black or a neutral colour, but statements are colourful, but that's not really how my style works. A head-to-toe black outfit isn't necessarily made of basics, and one that is full of colours isn't going to be garish if it's done right.  As long as a Had to Have is paired with many Without Fails, it will still look cohesive and "you".  I also love how Dione describes something that's matchy-matchy as being "lady" haha. Note taken.
text:What are your favorite colorful brands?	labels:I'm a fan of Boden.
text:Your favorite ___ for $___: House Slippers	labels:#What should we do next?
text:General Discussion - February 15, 2021	labels:Covid has been super rough for me cause I’m a Pretty extroverted dude. This place has been great for allowing me to interact with people. Just wanted to say thank all of you for being so welcoming and putting up with my weird lil ass. I really do think this forum is special and I wouldn’t change a thing if I could. Every one of you is my homie. Love you all.
text:Elk IV Parka from Wuxly Movement	labels:I gotta say tho, 600 for synthetic is really steep.   You could have gotten a really nice down for that, or a much cheaper equally good synthetic.
text:The OG 90s Supermodels will tell their stories in a new documentary	labels:OMG. I'm so excited for this! I've always been so enamored by the iconic age when supermodels became huge celebrities in their own right!	episode_done:True
text:People who work in the fashion industry - what do you wear?	labels:Congrats on the new job! I'm also working in Toronto, albeit as a production seamstress and studio assistant to a designer right now. I probably have some idea of which factory you might be working at! Since I'm carrying bolts of fabric up stairs, Laying out and cutting markers, as well as working with machinery I just keep it to simple skirts/dresses/turtlenecks that allow for ease of movement. I'm assuming you will be doing a lot of running around and trying to ensure everything's on schedule and things are organized so I would say comfort comes first. Maybe you can keep dressier shoes at your desk so you can wear sneakers while on the factory floor and change out of them if you have to meet clients. My friends who work in corporate offices for Toe Flesh and Canadian Water Fowl are able to get more dressed up because there's less risk of ruining your clothes at the office.	episode_done:True
text:I generally lean towards just buying pieces that I like the look of regardless of versatility, at some point when you have your style nailed down well enough you’re capable of knowing what’s going to fit your wardrobe well and only owning “statement pieces” is way more fun than trying to min/max versatility, if you think you’d enjoy owning a black overcoat more it’s worth considering, that said   >[a black overcoat] with a red and black flannel shirt over a white t shirt  Does not read as a “10/10” fit to me	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Tricky Ricky was cooler imo	labels:Nope, "Dick Ovens" still makes me snort.	episode_done:True
text:My work tote is from Rebecca Minkoff, I am pleasantly surprised by how well it’s held up!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 13, 2020	labels:Black sweater black jeans beige peacoat ( Zara Double breated coat) i don't know which shoes to wear my Clark's Dempsey Peak Mahogany seems wrong because its brown and darker than the coat and im not sure if the black variant i also own is too much black. I also own black and brown Clark's touareg vibe should I look at buying a different pair of boots i really don't want to really want this beige coat to look good. Any suggestions and maybe even some casual sneakers suggestions would be nice. Thank you!  Budget for shoes $60-200 any options one or multiple would be great	episode_done:True
text:My husband has a little outpatient procedure under light sedative at the hospital. I need to go with him because he’s going to be a bit zoinked out. Now, do I care about going to a place where Covid is rife and full of vulnerable people? Do I care that my husband’s about to undergo a not fun test? Yes, I do. But to my shame, after 5 weeks inside and 9 more predicted to come (UK) I am mostly thinking about  what I am going to wear. I AM GOING OUT! Fake fur, big red shoes, velvet, leopard and sequins are firm candidates. BUT I doubt I will follow through because I am afraid it will show a degree of carelessness and disrespect to hospital workers and patients. So it will be comfy and neutral, but it’s fine because I AM GOING OUT!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Rant - I'm fed up with fashion and "expressing myself"	labels:Have you thought about uniform dressing? I'm not talking about a boring black t-shirt and jeans every day. I wear a dress, sweater, and black pair of shoes every day. In the winder I add tights/leggings and an ankle book (summer is black sandals). I never have to think too much about what I wear and I don't really have to make any decisions after I purchase the item. My dresses are really comfortable, all of them have pockets, and I get compliments constantly. Uniform dressing sounds really boring, but you can create a fun and unique type of uniform if you want.  I tried a capsule wardrobe earlier this summer. It had dresses, shirts, pants and shorts, but I went back just dresses because the capsule was too many decisions. I just pick a dress that is clean and move on with my day, but I also still have a distinct and unique style.
text:And that may you maybe get to give your money to a smaller company where it will make a difference.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Body Types (no fruit answers allowed)	labels:I am the classical busted can of biscuits! The bodycon dress accentuates all my curves. Bonus points for buying a size small when I am really a large (and too scared to admit my size had changed since high school).
text:WEEKLY DEALZ	labels:I am still reeling from the Nordstrom rack sales on Everlane items. They are so good. The sneakers are really good quality for 19 bucks, and I do see sizes come back, if you check daily. I bought a pair for myself and a pair for my friend.  I also bought a few clothing items that is taking forever to ship though. I might cancel some of them and wait out the rest. I mean, 30ish bucks for dresses/jumpsuits and 40s for cashmere is a pretty good deal, and it's not like Everlane's style is gonna change much. They sell the same shit year in and year out.
text:What are your tips for dressing a big chest!	labels:My chest isn’t massive, but I have had some fit issues with clothes before, where the shirt is really tight around the chest but way too loose at the waist. Never a good look. My best tip for that is to buy shirts in a larger size that fits your chest, then tailor in at the waist. It’s relatively simple so you can learn to do it yourself and save lots of tailoring costs!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 17, 2020	labels:So apparently all you have to do to get reddit users to embrace avant garde fashion is to call is star wars influenced.  Wish I could say I was surprised
text:The Style Blogger Index: finding people who are the same size as you	labels:Thanks so much for this! u/timory one suggestion: would it be possible to add an option to find someone with similar proportions, rather than similar raw sizes? Proportions are so helpful for figuring out what might work, even on someone who is overall smaller or larger than me.
text:Anyone have a job that requires you to wear "work clothes" (nursing, trades, etc.)? What is your off-duty wardrobe like?	labels:About a year ago I moved from a front office position wearing business casual to a medical billing position where I am required to wear scrubs. I can’t stand it. My entire business wardrobe is packed away but my personal wardrobe only gets worn on the weekends. It’s very opposite of scrubs. I like tighter denim and leggings, lots of structured tops and leather jackets. Every time I go shopping I have this voice in the back of my mind reminding me that I am hardly ever going to wear that so there’s no point but I refuse to listen to that guilt. I love clothes and I get excited for the changing seasons.	episode_done:True
text:Organizing Closet: Help!	labels:How much hanging space do you have available? I might start by separating formal/informal, and then micro-categorize from there! And I'd loosen up the boundaries for categorizations to jackets/coats, sweaters/cardigans, dresses/jumpsuits, tops, and bottoms, just for ease. Then I'd organize each category by color.  As for storing clothes that are in-between wears...I usually just dump those on a chair and re-wear them throughout the week until they need to be washed tbh.	episode_done:True
text:Annual Capes, Cowls, and Cloaks	labels:I’ve been saying for years, capes and codpieces need to make a fucking comeback.	episode_done:True
text:Fall 2020 Fit Battle - Elite 8 - Discussion	labels:I was a fool to think I could try and wear EG this round
text:I think this is a good take. And made me realise that I began tucking when I started branching away from the slimmer fits.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 15, 2021	labels:Is anyone else kind of tired of posts and comments that variously try to "justify" the price of obvious luxury goods, designerwear, etc.?  Good thread on the SLP teddy, but just about nothing in there is surprising. Is it well-constructed? Duh, it's SLP. Does it have little refinements all over, compared to everyday varsity jackets? Yeah, that's kind of the point. Is it "worth" $2,000? No, obviously not.   Like...at some point we need to acknowledge that these efforts are misguided, even if well-intentioned. You're buying SLP because it's SLP (or Ackermann, or Dick Ovens, or whatever your thing is). *That* is the justification. And that's a fine justification in and of itself! An analysis of the materials and construction is unlikely to throw up surprises that'll make people go "damn, that really makes it worth the obnoxious price tag!"   (This observation does not apply to bespoke clothing, where the justification genuinely is that you get something more or less customized for you, and you alone.)  What do people think?
text:I have given up so I exclusively wear flannel pj pants	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Technical/Labwear but make it fashion	labels:I’ve had internships in both a manufacturing capacity and R&D and I’m back in mostly R&D now (but working from home haha). In manufacturing I wore a combo of jeans, corduroys, and some more casual leaning dress pants with sweaters most of the time and switched between my trusted Chelsea boots and safety shoes depending on what area I was working in that day. For R&D I was able to dress more “fashionable” based on whether or not I was working in the lab. Lab days mostly focused on sweaters and casual dress shirts with sleeves I could easily roll up/down, jeans or dress pants and a variety of closed toed shoes (Chelseas, heeled black booties, in the summer I could get away with sperrys). Non lab days I liked to wear dresses, long skirts, and my nicer dress pants.   Looking ahead I’ve been trying to combine my work wardrobe with every day/weekend pieces. I focus a lot on getting sweaters that I actually enjoy as opposed to ones that are designated for work (love a good turtleneck and actually cute cardigans). I’ve also been looking into more natural fibers but getting them secondhand so the price isn’t so crazy (also so I don’t feel too too bad if they get messy at work)! I also try and avoid “only work shoes” so my dressy shoes are ones I could wear to an interview/presentation but also out to a nice dinner. There were definitely a few times at work in the past where I felt more dressed up than my colleagues but I don’t think it was ever looked down on. I think dressing to your personal style is a great way to express yourself at work as long as it’s appropriate for the sitch and safe for you and your colleagues in a lab/technical setting!	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Hoodies	labels:/u/Ghoticptox hoodiejacket slaps.
text:But not how to sift through the information to find trusted sources or are trained to read scientific articles.  As an example everyone here is talking about how much worse synthetic is to natural, I litterally googled the question and the first results is "natural fabrics have the highest environmental impact". That headline comes from a dense and detailed report which does go into more detail about the impact of all fabrics but it's in a very dry 16 page report and I wouldn't expect someone to read all of that or to take it all in.  It's also good to hear opinions that may be outside of your echo chamber which affects the search results you will see. There are many advantages to seeing the opions of people you semi trust to be knowledgeable who can explain things in plain english rather then relying on google searches.	labels:As much as I'd like to continue drifting off-topic I simply suggested taking advantage of free student access to academic journal databases to supplement all this secondhand knowledge if he happened to have it available. I also think people should turn to libraries more to explore interested topics, but I guess these kinds of suggestions are outside of the echo chamber of Reddit	episode_done:True
text:This is really good I do this to price match too	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Brands that no longer live up to their name or quality	labels:kind of all of them? It seems like you have to pay pretty steep prices now to get the quality of clothes that mid-price mall brands had in the 1990s and early 2000s. It seems that most stores have switched to a model of selling poor quality pieces at huge markups with the expectation that they will sell most of the stock at clearance prices. The GAP used to have quality staples, and J Crew was "fancy." Now GAP is really the same quality as Old Navy, and don't know what J Crew is anymore. The quality has certainly dropped, but I also don't get what is up with the designs since you can't even get a reasonable women's suit there these days. Madewell is not made well. Anthropologie used to sell unique pieces with really good construction, now it's roughly the same as other fast fashion, though I do appreciate that they added petite and plus sizing and carry some high end brands too. Levi's main line is terrible now, and to get the heritage quality, you need to get the Made and Crafted line, which is really expensive!  I mostly shop secondhand because I can't afford the stuff I like. When buying new, I try to wait for sales and avoid buying anything "final sale" or with complicated returns unless I know it will work. Clothes that I used to get at Anthropologie, I now get from Sezane, Ulla Johnson, Doen, and Samantha Pleet. I started buying vintage jeans over Madewell/Levi's or expensive craft brands—my 1980s Chic and Gitano jeans were probably sold at K-Mart/Target but are better quality than anything I have gotten from Madewell. I don't wear jeans/denim enough to justify craft denim prices. Patagonia is still very high quality technical wear; I just scope out the Tyler sport outlet and secondhand for deals. Shoes are hard because I don't like to get them secondhand. I switched from Adidas to Veja and Diemme for sneakers (you can find Diemme shoes for huge markdowns on Yoox during the winter and summer sales—I don't think they are worth retail price).
text:General Discussion - January 17, 2021	labels:Imagine hearing someone say in 2013 MFA that cowboy boots would be huge in 2020-2021, damn
text:Those Needles Track Pants	labels:clicking the link: am i so out of touch?  after finishing the album: fuck i want these so bad	episode_done:True
text:Good quality men's jeans?	labels:> * The crotch tearing (this one's a reoccurring theme) * The dye running onto white shoes (probably the cheapest pair I've had has done this) * The jeans losing their shape/fit and turning loose  1. This happens when your thighs rub together and there's not enough fabric slack there. You may want to try sizing up at the thigh. Also, get a few pairs and rotate so that each pair only sees a third or a quarter of the wears instead of one pair getting it all.  2. This is called crocking, where indigo flakes off/falls off when abraded against something else. That's part of indigo, whether you're talking about jeans, jean jackets, etc. You can help remove excess dye with a wash and try a magic eraser on your shoes.  3. That's normal. The warp/weft weave will stretch out like a sweater after each wear, becoming noticeable in time. Wash them when they get too out of shape.
text:General Discussion - December 24, 2020	labels:Have we come to a general consensus on what “well-dressed” or a “good” outfit is? I’d posit that the most important thing is effective execution of intentionality, conveying what you want to communicate through the fit.   A bonus factor would be something interesting within the fit, be that through challenging pre-existing rules or providing something unexpected. I don’t think it’s a necessity to a good fit, but it definitely adds bonus points
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 30	labels:Are there specific socks you are supposed to wear the Margiela Tabi boots/loafers?      I've been raw dogging my loafers and was going to buy some boots but going sockless seems weird for that.	episode_done:True
text:Lessons from a Year of No New Clothes	labels:I really like this and definitely also “sad shop” online. I like the idea of no new clothes for the year - especially since I have shirts from 2020 that have never been worn due to shelter in place.  Thanks for sharing!	episode_done:True
text:Lol I've read this book and OP will not enjoy it. Those influences she listed are 100% not this book.	labels:Haha you’re probably right :)	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 02	labels:i feel like my interest in fashion has been cyclical throughout my life, where i'll care about clothes for months, if not years, and then have to drop it for a while  anyway life is pretty tough atm so i think i'm dropping fashion / reddit for a bit. see you guys on the other side!
text:How do you feel about vegan/faux leather?	labels:I've gotten two pairs of vegan leather pants from Aritzia and they're just kind of disappointing. They look so glamorous on the models but I feel sort of squeaky and uncomfortable with them. I think buying secondhand leather items is better in terms of quality and environmental impact than faux leather.
text:Shitpost Saturday: Zoom Fashion Etiquette	labels:As a teacher, I made an ethically sourced greige sack dress from a mix of PVA glue and the homework my kids didn’t do since they turned feral.  It’s totally sustainable and hides my shame as long as nobody breathes near me!	episode_done:True
text:Im ENFP and "my wardrobe is a collection of every style and era" --- so this!  I have some 60 inspired hippie clothes (including some vintage), black biker jackets, a dusty pink oercoat, a multicolored assymetrical jacket that gives me life, a few 80s pieces... i would say I am consistent in my consistency 😂	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do you feel about vegan/faux leather?	labels:There is no such thing as vegan leather.  There's leather, and then there's plastic that has been manipulated to immitate leather grain.  The latter has its uses--it's cheap, it can be made in literally any shape,  it can be made waterproof and insulating, and it certainly isn't *ugly*\--but it's certainly not leather.  Personally, I try to avoid it.  My reason are as follows:   1) It doesn't have the durability I need--it  loses its shape easily, it hardens and cracks easily, and unlike leather it is almost impossible to repair once damaged.   2) It doesn't have the sustainability I want--sure you spare an animal's hide, but you could wear out ten pairs of PVC shoes in the time it takes to wear out one well-made pair of leather shoes.  Now you have ten pairs of PVC shoes floating in the ocean killing sea turtles and the cow ends up on a plate regardless.  3) Aesthetically... it is cheap plastic.  And it looks like cheap plastic.  There are some styles that can accommodate or even luxuriate on cheap plastic items, but mine is not one such style.  There is simply no replacement for the depth of color and texture given by leather.     4) Chafing oh god chafing     That said, I've seen some folks look really good in PVC.  I used to look really good in PVC too, back when I was more wild and reckless.  But now that I've become the sort of person who gets her materialist thrills out of vintage copper cookware and exotic tea blends, I find I am also someone who really loves the beauty and comfort of leather.  You can call it an Old Fart Thing if you like.	episode_done:True
text:There is no unmarked woman	labels:I'm not convinced that the generic male appearance is unmarked. I see it as a conscious decision to project an image of conformity. It's saying "I'm a committed company man. I'm not going to cause any trouble, I'll do whatever you ask with no complaint". This message is generally not aimed at women (usually at their male superiors), so perhaps we don't pay much attention to it.	episode_done:True
text:Problem for me is that everything is on sale right now	labels:Everything's always on sale. I find it helps to set a number in my head... "I won't buy this unless it drops below $150" for example, so I don't fall for the raising-prices-just-to-discount games.  Then as I wait for the price to drop I might adjust that number depending on whether I still find myself wanting it (or getting less interested).	episode_done:True
text:At some point all you can do is tell people "didn't ask don't care" and hope they get the message	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 24	labels:Hoodies for my business? What's the best quality bonsai you can find for $10-30 . I've used next level and belle and canvas shirts nad they were fantastic quality for 3-5 bucks. Now I'm looking for similar options but with hoodies. Please give me your suggestions	episode_done:True
text:Recent Purchases - January 03, 2021	labels:rag&bone fit 1 skinnies! a little loose on me so i need to get 'em tapered, but the denim is gorgeous
text:Feminist clothing	labels:The CEO of Feminist Apparel being a sexually assaulting man is like the most typical thing ever
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 02, 2021	labels:Ok I think this is probably silly but does anyone else miss the old Pointer Brand chore coats with the dog logo and the buttons with the green pointer logo on them as opposed to the L.C. King ones now?  I cant find mine for over a year now and I hate that its gone.	episode_done:True
text:Transition Lenses/Glasses	labels:Like others have mentioned, it’s entirely how you feel about your look and ultimately your decision when it comes down to it. However my advice would be against it, I find that while they try to be the best of both worlds with glasses and sunglasses they just end up being a worse version of either. Either they’re bad sunglasses because the glasses part is small, or they’re weird looking glasses because it’s a big sunglasses frame. As well I personally find the awkward grey tinge they have in the “mid” light conditions to be very tacky/dorky looking. Like many others have said, with the price of cheap frames now a days you can just get a cheaper pair of both. Prescription sunglasses or contacts for days you need sunglasses is likely the better option for you.
text:Can we talk sleepwear?	labels:I was very into this idea as well and invested in some Lunya PJs...but that elegant person I invisioned didn't magically appear. I still had a big messy bun, acne patches on my face and slept with my mouth wiiide open. I didn't feel as comfortable in those PJs and that fantasy I had didn't come true, ya know? I don't want to discourage you, just my two cents as someone who had a very similar thought process  I went back to tank tops and sweatpants and I find I appreciate them a lot more now. I make sure they fit properly and don't have stains or holes so I still feel reasonably put together.
text:I love the Old Navy rockstar jeggings.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:[First Impressions] Carmina horsebit loafers in white leather	labels:Dude these are fucking dope	episode_done:True
text:good point	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The RealReal Logs Quarterly Losses of More Than $43 Million	labels:Well, having $400mm in cash helps. But revenue was down year over year for the quarter and trailing 9 months so that's obviously concerning. Probably a good amount of fat to trim in G&A, so I guess there's that 😬	episode_done:True
text:A-Cold-Wall F/W 2021	labels:In my opinion: a lot of bites, from vintage salomons on shoes, to prada on branding. All this spectacle is just to confuse the eye, garments are lazy and boring.	episode_done:True
text:hard disagree with point #4. See: Nomos, Sinn, Seiko, Grand Seiko quartz, Damasko, etc.	labels:Sinns that are worth it are like 2.2k or something. So yeah technically there's stuff that's worth it between entry level and 3k but it's like two or three models from one or two brands and it's usually utility watches. And if OP said between entry level and 2k his point would be very strong.  And I don't have anything against that, I have a limited edition 104 I wear a lot, it goes for 2.6 and I bought it at 2.4 or something. I also have a GS but it's like 7k or something because it's a spring drive GMT.
text:I wear my leather boots in the rain all the time (I live in Raincouver).  Just regularly condition them. I condition mine every 2-3 months when it seems like the conditioner has worn off.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Bigger, Longer Coats	labels:Aaah! Expeliarmus!	episode_done:True
text:My Gucci Addiction: Vanity Fair editor Buzz Bissinger's essay about spending $638k on clothes	labels:The line in the piece that stuck out for me was when he said he was on medication for "mild bipolarity."  The out-of-control spending, the hypersexuality, the losing a job due to temper outbursts...I'm not a psychiatrist, I just play one on the internet, but all of that put together  sounds like, at the very least, untreated hypomania.  To pass it off as only shopping addiction or "discovering himself" seems like underplaying some serious mental illness.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 19, 2020	labels:Any good brands for t shirts with interesting patterns?  Something creative and a little unorthodox	episode_done:True
text:Actually...she and her mom are selfish and greedy. I guess I should have explained. My brother and sister in law were saving up money to buy a house. My brother saved up around $80,000. Then, my sister in law and her mom took all of that money and bought jewelry. Their reasoning was because "in case something happens to my brother"... like he was going to die or something...  He was mad. But he couldn't say anything and just start over saving money again.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do you shop for specific things without google clogging up with items from fast fashion? Or. How do you find the real designer of a fast fashion item?	labels:I prefer using shopstyle and lyst for searching. There’s still fast fashion but it’s a lot easier to filter them out. They’re both very light on smaller brands though so it’s only useful to an extent.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 30, 2020	labels:hey all. it's been at least 3+ years since I've looked at this subreddit. Lost my old account, but remembered this place exists. What happened? I remember WAWYT threads and the front page being super active, now I see posts with barely any comments and posts from 3 days ago on the front page.  This used to be *the* subreddit to be on with over 2 million subs. Maybe it was because I was most active from like 2012-2016 where hashtag menswear with clark desert boots and americana was huge, and a cultural shift of men wanting to learn how to dress better was occurring. Stuff like the MFA uniform coming out, comments of how people outside of California or NY were labeled as gay because they wanted to dress better lol.   Now it seems as if most men want to look good and dress better. And there are more resources besides this subreddit to help people dress better? It's less of a niche and now a societal norm? Or maybe it's just because it's 9 am where I live and people are still waking up lol.  What are your thoughts? Am I out of touch? Am I just too early? I've seen /r/malefashion is a lot more active.
text:Revisiting Fall Favorites: Barbour Jackets pt 3	labels:Wearing mine more was a fairly big step for me in terms of not caring if people thought I looked like a bit of a cock, and just wearing something because I felt good in it.	episode_done:True
text:Favourite places to get your fall wool fix?	labels:Don’t forget to check out thrift stores. This is where I stock up on cashmere sweaters for a few dollars a piece, wool skirts, kilts, sweaters, vests, and cardigans, and amazing wool blazers and coats. I’ve found mint condition mohair and camel hair 3/4 coats for as low as $10, black cashmere sweaters for $2-3 and up, and cable knit pullovers for as low as $4. It’s amazing what people get rid of, not realizing how expensive it all is new. I also loooove wool in the fall and winter, and so this has been a super affordable way to build a dream cold-weather wardrobe.   The only thing wool I buy new are socks for the most part, everything else I’ve found at estate sales, garage sales, and thrift shops. When/if you go, definitely go through the boys and men’s departments, too. A bit of tailoring can make anything look custom like some of the pieces on Walker Slater maybe.
text:My condolences.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The Fall Edit: Mr. Ethan M. Wong on the Rugby, Balmacaan, Western Shirt, and Raw Denim	labels:Re rugby vs polo fabric difference, it's not so much that polo shirts weren't actual sportswear, but that rugby shirts had to stand up to a much more aggressive sport with lots of tackling, scrums etc. I remember my old PE teacher claiming if you pulled on the arm your arm would come off before the shirt sleeve. In addition, there is also the fact that rugby is a winter sport vs tennis as a summer sport.
text:HAHAHA when I first saw belt bags back again, it sent me back immediately to my dad in family vacations in the 90s and it gave me a visceral like "WTF YUCK" reaction. And then I realized I was old and there are many beautiful and vibrant young women out there who have never had the misfortune of seeing the utter-suburban-dad-core-fanny-pack look in its full glory	labels:	episode_done:True
text:If I was able to right now, I’d give you an award for this comment. I’m 40 years old and at 35 decided to go full on wear-whatever-I-want. I guess my style could be best described as alt-goth? I dunno. I don’t care. My new motto is: if I won’t regret wearing some part of this in ten years then what’s the point?  I have a lot of fun with my clothes now. My hair is blue and I’m covered in tattoos (most of which I got in my late thirties). You do you. I did my khaki time.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Is the buckle more of a silver or gold tone? It says light gold but the picture looks silver. I’ve been looking for a black belt with a yellow gold buckle	labels:It varies somewhat depending on the color belt, but this is a pretty common question that even owning the belt won't always help answer. Basically it's between a silver and gold and looks slightly more gold in some lights, but is not a true gold. The black version seems to have a more silver tone to the metal, but the burgundy and beige are a bit warmer. It's hard to tell though.
text:I want to eliminate the need for dry cleaning my work wardrobe. Sadly, anything nice seems incompatible with machine wash. What long lasting, work pieces have been easiest for you to maintain?	labels:I WFH permanently now, but when I worked in an office I wasn't able to escape dry-clean-only clothing; there are some things that just need to be dry cleaned. However, I used Dryel to great effect (awesome for things that aren't stained or stinky and don't really need to be pressed). I will also say, many many clothing items that say "dry clean only" can be washed either by hand, or in the machine on a delicate setting with wool wash or other gentle low-suds detergent. (My dry cleaner, of all people, actually advised me to start washing my cashmere sweaters rather than bringing them in for cleaning - she said dry cleaning dries out and breaks down the fibers and washing them at home would help them last longer. I am still wearing my cashmere sweaters and so far, she's been correct.) If something is very structured or has an acetate lining I never try to wash it, but I have washed other things that were poly blends or wool blends and were marked "dry clean only," and as long as you hang them up to dry, it works fine.
text:Turtlenecks as a Base Layer - Inspiration Album	labels:Dang, I had the tomorrow fit perfect for this 😂	episode_done:True
text:When I’m in taht mood I got a patched jean jacket. Wear that with some boots and I feel ready to riot.   (I am a teenager tho so)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Good quality and functional messenger bags	labels:Satchel and page make some really nice, high quality ones :)	episode_done:True
text:# Wool Trousers	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 04, 2020	labels:When is it appropriate to wear patent leather? Is it too much formal office attire (suits/ties?)
text:All things K-Fashion!	labels:I love k-fashion and tbh it’s the biggest inspiration for my style. I got into Korean things in elementary school so it’s been a long time. There is (or was) a huge kfashion community on tumblr which I’m a part of. I’ve collected a list of 100+ stores through the years but some of my favorite brands are the big ones like stylenanda and chuu. When I think of kfashion, especially in the past 5 years or so, I think of very minimalistic in terms of color pallets with interesting silhouettes. What you see in most kdramas isn’t necessarily what’s trending on the style blogs and online stores.	episode_done:True
text:I love all the new leather clothes this fall, what have you bought?	labels:Of all times to have leather be the popular fabric, when I’ve gained the quarantine 19.
text:wide fit drove everyone away	labels:That's... Why I'm here.
text:What do you think are the pieces of jewelry everyone should own?	labels:I think a lot of other people have hammered in the point that jewelry is personal, and that lists like these aren't necessarily helpful. But here's a list of my must-haves.  1. super small gold huggie hoop earrings 2. medium 1-2" gold hoop earrings 3. long dangly statement gold earrings 4. gold choker necklace  5. gold delicate pendant necklace, sits around your collarbone 6. long, large pendant necklace 7. sparkly stud earrings 8. jade pendant necklace  I don't like wearing jewelry on my hands, except for my wedding ring. I also much prefer gold over silver-- the yellower the better.	episode_done:True
text:What are your feelings on thrifting from “problematic” brands?	labels:The company already made money off of the original purchase of the shirt, so you buying second hand doesn’t really benefit them in any way. If you really want the item, buying it second hand is probably the most ethical choice you can make. If someone asks where the piece is from, just say you don’t know so they won’t be tempted to buy from the brand lol
text:Lookbook | +J 2020 Fall/Winter Collection | UNIQLO	labels:it's amazing!  i was wondering when the collection would come out, i'm so excited.  i'm so insanely annoyed i dont need a jacket because that hybrid down coat is TO DIE FOR, and the slik tie neck blouse! and the wool pants!!!!	episode_done:True
text:How do you guys work towards avoiding fast fashion?	labels:Secondhand all the way! 90% of my wardrobe is secondhand. Poshmark, ebay, depop, thredup, the list goes on. Thrifting too!
text:What are your favorite colorful brands?	labels:Monki is quite fun. Not so much their newest stuff but I'm not sure as I haven't shopped there for a while. Run & Fly do dungarees and pinafore dresses in artsy prints too.	episode_done:True
text:Thanks, postjack! I appreciate it. Neither site has a comment section, so it's nice to get feedback every once in a while. Thanks for your encouragement.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do you style/match your footwear with your outfit ? Do you use colour blocking method ?	labels:i don’t like when things are “matchy matchy” (as one of my hs teachers used to say), so i go by a color scheme or will wear the one or two colors but different shades of the color(s). so my shoes tend to go well with whatever colors i’m already wearing, or they match my purse, belt, jacket, or other accessories.   i don’t think things have to match exactly or be the same exact colors. as long as it goes well together and looks good, it doesn’t really matter too much.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 30, 2020	labels:<rant>  If I said "Wear cropped jackets so you look taller" I'd be laughed out of the room but somehow "Short people shouldn't wear long coats" is a valid thing?   Also what's defined as short? If someone is 5'7" do they get to wear long coats? What if they're 5'7.5"??  It also throws the idea out the window of the whole horizontal breaks thing that people complain about for cropped trousers or high-waisted pants. Suddenly you have a wonderful garment type that can give you long, **tall**, and elegant lines and it's impossible to wear.   People complain all the damn time about menswear being too "restrictive" and women's wear being more "exciting" but everyone is too much of a wimp to wear a ~ L O N G C O A T ~.  I fucking hate fashion "rules" and "guidelines" and literally everything having to do with the word "flattering". If you care so much about these gender norms, masculinity and being ~ flattering ~ then sack up and wear the clothes you like.   That whole thread is just people saying that someone else told them they couldn't *wear a coat* so what should they do? Oh idk. How about tell them to fuck off and wear the damn coat.  </rant>
text:Underwear review: Soma vs. Parade after 6 months	labels:I've been looking for better underwear than the 8 pack of crappy ones I got on Amazon! Thanks for the thorough review. I wear mainly pencil skirts, so the panty line problem is real.   I love the realistic models with stretch marks and all. I'm so glad companies are starting to do this more often.	episode_done:True
text:I think this is an excellent example of when I think overdressing is rude.  How you dress communicates things. If you show up to a situation where messy and/or physical activities are planned and you're not dressed appropriately, you're essentially communicating distain for the planned activities. It's a non-verbal declaration of "you all go ahead and get dirty, I'll just watch."   If you're too good for picking up trash, why did you come to the trash cleanup day? If you knew you weren't going to participate in our frisbee game, why did you come to the frisbee party? Why did you come camping if you aren't prepared to let any part of you touch dirt - are you expecting everyone else to do extra work to make your camping experience squeaky clean? The only way to avoid that message is to dive right in and ruin your nice clothes.	labels:Aw this reminds me of the time when, in our honeymoon in France, we last-minute booked a grape-picking experience at a vineyard. I had no proper shoes so I just wore a pair of golden flats which were the most comfortable pair I had packed. When we went to the vineyard it was rainy and muddy and I felt quite judged by the looks when the rest of the people saw my shoes, they were all wearing rain boots or more appropriate gear. I was not expecting to go grape-picking in the mud when I packed! Anyway, the tour guide and the other women in the group made a bigger deal out of it than I did, I just went straight into the mud with my shiny shoes. It was incredibly fun and yes my shoes ended up all muddy but a good clean and they were good as new.
text:Technical/Labwear but make it fashion	labels:I work in a physics research lab and I'm often the only woman in my workplace. For safety I always wear closed shoes and long pants, and for practicality I like pants with lots of pockets. Duluth Trading Company has the best women's pants I've found - I like the Flexpedition style the best but I have a bunch of them. You can get them for \~$40 when there's a sale and the pockets are huge! I also have some coveralls from them that I love because they come in an XS and actually fit me. I have to have my work special order things like gloves and safety goggles because the mens sized ones we had don't fit me. For shoes I like boots or sneakers and wear oxfords when I want to be fancy.  Most of the men just wear sneakers, jeans, and a t-shirt or flannel, so that's typically what I wear so I don't stand out too much. I also don't wear a lab coat at work, so my shirts often get dirty so I don't like to wear nicer clothes at work anyway. I'm comfortable with my androgynous style and don't feel pressure to dress up more. I just wear my nice sweaters and such on the weekend. I don't wear much jewelry anyway, and I actually got a pixie cut last year because I was tired of putting my hair up. Cute and practical!  The best work clothes tip I have is to keep a second set of clothes at work. A cardigan is especially important if you office is cold, and it can help dress up an outfit if you have a surprise meeting. I walk to work so I'm wearing snow boots in the winter and shorts in the summer, and then I just change into my work clothes and shoes when I get there.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 03, 2020	labels:Just remembered the time Jeremy Kirkland showed up in the comments of an album of his fits and was arguing with lurkers.   Goes to show that arguing with lurkers transcends popularity and even the most famous posters are willing to get into the trenches.
text:Difficulty distinguishing between so 'idealized' style and personal style?	labels:I feel the same. My idealized self wears much more tailored and polished clothing (I really love Dearly Bethanys style). The reality is that I work as a social worker for former foster youth where I prefer to look relatable and not overly polished or “adult.” Ive definitely gotten comments from my clients that my style is “different” or “unique.” I live in a very rural and small community so fashion isn’t the highest priority here. I wear jeans and solid colored tee shirts, blouses or sweaters. I think I experiment with silhouettes to an extent- purchasing different denim styles like cropped wide leg, straight leg, mom jeans, etc. and shoes: I have a few pairs of mules, Veja sneakers, Nisolo boots... so things that are understated but I think still look more polished. I can’t really go too crazy with my footwear and outfits though...for example, last week I was in a home and an unrecognizable bug crawled up (and fell out) my pant leg. Sometimes that places I go into are not very clean and I just don’t know what I may be stepping in. I don’t really have any suggestions. Just wanted to say I relate. I’ve almost quit buying clothes for my fantasy wardrobe - but sometimes an item just catches my eye and I can’t pass it up even if I don’t have many places to wear it.	episode_done:True
text:Winter jackets that are good for skiing and casual use?	labels:Dont go crazy on a jacket.  The key for skiing is layers and you can get a lot of layers that work well in other settings.   A decent base layer:  you can go merino or if you are on a budget milsurp poly pro.  A fleece over that.  Next layer is a beefier jacket.  Right now I have a half zip Patagonia that is poly insulated.  Then get a waterproof(ish) layer.  You have a lot of options but I usually run with a marmot precip.  It's cheap, has pit zips and folds up way smaller than a hard shell. That combo will cover you skiing 90%of the time and let you adjust depending o N conditions. Flexibility is the key.  Take the money you save and get some good socks and gloves/mittens and some type of balaclava.  No one ever came off of the mountain because their chest was cold but it was their hands/feet/face.
text:Buy Sell Thread - October 26	labels:This is a friendly reminder to only post links from Grailed, Ebay, Depop, and similar reputable platforms.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/malefashionadvice) if you have any questions or concerns.*	episode_done:True
text:all three rn	labels:	episode_done:True
text:A Basic Guide to Useful Knitwear	labels:I’m going to disagree that no seams is a rule of thumb for better construction—sometimes those seams help give you more structure and a better tailored look. It depends on the type of sweater you’re aiming for, of course, but something like a shawl collared cardigan in a heavy knit would benefit from a size seam to help keep it from ending up around your knees by the end of the day.   If you’re a trans man like myself, the side seam will help give you a line for the eye to follow along the sides of your body, too.   I only add these as considerations because I knit and design my own garments and while the rule of thumb isn’t necessarily entirely wrong, it’s really more nuanced than “avoid side seams because it’s better constructed”	episode_done:True
text:they're very mismatched	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Just how revolutionary is Harry Styles’ Vogue cover?	labels:Women look better in dresses.  You can be as progressive and woke as you want, and encourage whatever you want so people can express themselves, but aesthetics dont care about that stuff. Womens clothing is typically styled to cater to the female (sex) body. People always comment on the dress itself, or whether it works, but never how that same outfit would just look better on a female.  This is a matter of aesthetic and taste to some extent, and thinking that men generally look bad in dresses is a justified opinion.
text:The Perspective of Medieval Menswear	labels:.....why???
text:This is a good reminder. I just found a perfect for me cami (sounds silly I’m difficult to fit haha). They were cheap. I should just buy like ten.	labels:Do it	episode_done:True
text:Overdressing - Discussion	labels:Since quarantine I’ve been WFH and not going out socially. So, the grocery store now gets my best looks and I really hope Kathy at the register enjoys my new booties as much as I enjoy wearing them for once!  In general, it’s better to be overdressed than underdressed. I don’t normally show off my fits at the grocery store, but desperate times call for desperate measures!
text:Fall 2020 Fit Battle - Round 2 - Discussion	labels:Bond just continues to be one half of the best matchups imaginable.
text:I own a pair of cashmere sweatpants and I never wear them. For some reason it itches and irritates my skin more then tops.  I wear the viscose/cotton mixed knit more.  But my work from home style has been afterski the last few weeks. I still feel cute, and the zoom camera is angled for collarbones and up :P	labels:	episode_done:True
text:No Cop / No (New) Jawnz January: Mid-month Check-In	labels:Bloody japanese denim brands coming out with a bunch of fire pieces this days have been extremely tempting BUT im still holding  It also helps a lot that most of the stuff that got delayed during the last months will be arriving this month
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 26, 2020	labels:Feeling like it’s time to start replacing shirts. I’ve had a bunch of bonobos shirts for years but they’re starting to wear out. Is there an updated button down guide? I found the one from the sidebar but wasn’t sure if there were any new ones. Same goes for sweaters	episode_done:True
text:I second the climate thigh....I used to live in lower Michigan and there were days I had on a undershirt, layer shirt, turtle neck and sweater....I didn't even get to the bottoms, socks and boots.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:White/Light Denim Jacket Inspo Album	labels:This is my least favourite colour for denim jackets.   I like white or lightly washed denim, but not for jackets. Not sure why.
text:Somebody else loosing so much time to choose the right item to buy when looking for something? I feel it cost me more in time when I try to buy responsibly.	labels:The “thrill of the hunt” is kind of my favorite part of shopping tbh. I enjoy the process of:  1. Get inspired  2. Figure out keywords for exactly what I’m looking for  3. Search poshmark endlessly for the thing that’s juuuust right   Even if I don’t necessarily buy “the thing” it keeps me from doom scrolling on Facebook all day 😄	episode_done:True
text:What are some brands and designers inspired by traditional/folk/ethno clothing?	labels:Lena Hoschek has a "Tradition" line where she has trachten inspired/influenced items.
text:Buy Sell Thread - January 04, 2021	labels:Launched new t-shirts for investors/ traders !  Great quality shirts at great prices. Shipping from US.  Introductory offer: Apply coupon code FDT10 for a 10% extra discount. HURRY!	episode_done:True
text:excuse me, are you saying head to toe* cord isn't a serious fit	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Viberg Natural Shell & Grey Kangaroo - A quick update & pictures.	labels:I feel bad for the water mark on the shell but at the same time it add character.  ~~The kangaroo one does not look grey... >___<.~~ I'm dumb I read the post from owner, they started out grey.  Love shell shoes, one day I'll afford one.	episode_done:True
text:I’m glad!! Thank you for reading :)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:man cottagecore really came and went huh	labels:what should I call my look. acneslpandthombrowneorganicberrycore doesn’t have the same ring	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 12, 2020	labels:"[visually] small muscles = unfit" and "what good is it being able to run for hours if you're slow and can't outrun anything" have really made me laugh today.
text:What is your go-to favourite dress to wear in the cooler months?	labels:I have a few short sleeve midi dresses in winter-weight fabrics that I will pair with a cardigan and wear thick leggings, or just wear tights if it's a milder winter day.  Beyond dresses I also have an assortment of winter-weight midi circle skirts as well.	episode_done:True
text:Your AC bill has gotta be crazy.  I saw a SF post about climate change and how we might want to avoid heavy sweaters in the future.  Bah.	labels:Oh I don’t have AC.  I put them on at my house, wishing I was in the mountains so I could look cool wearing this particular fit, and then I take it off and put them back in my closet.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 13, 2020	labels:Heyo,   I'm looking for some chino pants and am mostly concerned about the material.   Around a year ago, I bought some RSQ chinos and they were great, I liked the material, the fit (slim straight) was just right, and the cost was worth it ($45 a pair, BOGO 50% off)!   I decided to buy some recently and despite the website (Tilly's) saying they were the same fit/style, they felt off. The material isn't what it used to be I guess despite having the same ratio (97% cotton/3% cotton), it feels thinner. The pants also feel more loose on me, I made sure to order the same fit but I guess that changed too.   I'm interested in any recommendations where the pant material definitely felt nice and worth the asking price.   As for my price range, I wouldn't feel right spending more than $50 per pair as I'm just a college student.	episode_done:True
text:Effortless style - let's exchange tips and tricks	labels:Gonna weigh in for the fatties, nothing looks effortless, just sloppy and like you haven’t showered in 3 weeks unless you’ve put in a maximum amount of effort into well fitting clothes, hair , nails, makeup , shoes and accessories. Every. Single. Day.  But I don’t have time for that BS.
text:What fashion items on your Christmas list?	labels:Black thigh high boots and a sweater that actually looks good on me
text:LOL wow of course you have to exist hahaha oh lord..	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 21, 2020	labels:Tfw I’ve effectively wishlisted an entire RRL collection and I can’t cop everything 💩   ...unless?
text:General Discussion - November 29, 2020	labels:Expecting a huge surge in Barbour-Barbour related questions/posts/inspo dude to the crown. Perfect mix of recognizable, Netflix pop culture, and mfa’s core styling
text:MFA's Own: 2020 Favorites	labels:Hi all,   With the wrap up of 2020, I decided to ask members of MFA to submit their favorite fits of which they’ve posted throughout the year. The range of styles and silhouettes presented here serves as a great reminder of the truly amazing variety we see in this community.   So c’mon, have a scroll through the album! Maybe not all the fits are your cup of tea, but they don’t have to be! Before you type out “why would someone even wear that,” just think maybe they like the way they look. Seeing as this is a collection of the users’ favorite fits from the year, I’d wager they really like the way they look. And, at the end of the day, if you feel good, you look good.   See y’all in 2021.
text:Oooh I like this. Finally a reason to look at those seemingly impractical statement pieces at thrift store or antique mall jewelry counters!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:It's a dated list that only worked for a specific kind of person/lifestyle in a very specific kind of climate/weather. Even thinking of my most successful friends, none of these are relevant to my life or that of my peers, except for jeans lol. It's funny how alien it actually is, when they're supposedly "must haves".	labels:Weirdly, I’m very much a person to whom the list is totally applicable, since I wear suiting to work so I own and wear multiples of almost everything on the list.   But because of that I know exactly how unusual that is, I think, since literally no one in my social circle has the same kind of work wardrobe I have and I’ve seen so much here about what most people consider “work appropriate” but would *never* be acceptable for me. I feel like I work in the world’s last (not business formal) office where jeans are not even a possibility and suit jackets (even ties for men) are the norm, not unusually formal.   I hope that once covid is over and I go back to the office, things will relax a little since we’ve been seeing each other in tees and sweaters over Zoom for so long, but I have a feeling I’m still gonna have to yank on some hosiery and a blazer and toddle on back in my pumps like no one ever saw me wearing a pair of purple floral leggings chasing my dog out of a room on a videoconference.	episode_done:True
text:Great post! I'd never heard of Delvaux, just been looking at their bags - beautiful!! Just found a vintage Delvaux leather pouch that I've now bought for £25! Thanks for the intro to the brand.	labels:You’re welcome! Delvaux is really underrated and more popular in Asia but the craftsmanship is on par with Hermès.	episode_done:True
text:Where do you find inspiration for your Outfits?	labels:I use Pinterest/Instagram for inspiration, and then plot out on paper with actual items I own. I create at least 20 outfits a week so I never run out of things to wear.	episode_done:True
text:What clothing items have you reverted back to since WFH/quarantine?	labels:I've really been embracing dressing more youthful. I'm in my early/mid 20s, and now that I've worked a couple years at the same place, I'm wearing more what I want than boring professional. I also started caring about what I wear and planning my outfits. Velvet shoes, corduroy overalls, rainbow prints, sequins, bold colors. Who cares? I've been called out for dressing "fancy" before, but I've stopped giving a shit in correlation with my confidence in my abilities. I'm a teacher...if anything, I'm showing the students it's okay to be yourself and take risks.
text:Favorite everyday-fashion magazines	labels:I think magazines have been sucky since Lucky died. And People Style Watch. Try Refinery29.	episode_done:True
text:Agree - a lot of their stuff reads as preppier Banana Republic, but for twice the price. Not sure what customer base they’re looking for because they’re expensive for a mall brand, but are a mall store.	labels:Agree. I like their products but I only purchase them at thrift stores. Absolutely not worth the price point.	episode_done:True
text:What are the Luxury IT Bags right now? And which ones are actually worth the $?	labels:Definitely Prada Re. I’ve also been seeing a lot of YSL crossbodies!	episode_done:True
text:advice on how to stop buying clothes I don't need?	labels:Stick it in your cart then close the tab. Come back to it if you’re still thinking about it a few days later. Lots of things I’ve wanted I end up not getting once I put some time between finding it and actually buying it.
text:Caruso Fall/Winter 2020	labels:Tons to like in here.	episode_done:True
text:Good Cheap Stuff Appreciation	labels:**Pants**
text:Negative Self-Talk re: Fashion Choices	labels:I have a couple pairs of pants that look like trousers/dress pants but they have a good amount of stretch in the weave and the elastic waistband doesn't show on the outside. My favorite pair is from Kohl's, but another good pair is from Lane Bryant. You could also try for a retro look with wide legs, pleats, etc if that's more comfortable through the leg.	episode_done:True
text:Jil Sander F/W 2021	labels:I like the sweaters in 8 and 10.  And that plaid overcoat is nice	episode_done:True
text:It depends on the colors and the vibe you're trying to get off. Low top-bottom contrast is a decision. Dark colors are a decision. They have an effect.  Ideally, post a few outfits for more specific advice.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What fashion FAQs would you like answered as megathreads? v2	labels:"Why is it ok for people to have extremely different preferences in clothing than me?"  Feel like some type of people need to have that answered for them
text:Pants matter for WFH?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 24	labels:Are there any services or assistants that will accompany you for a day to help you pick out the best clothes for yourself? I mean experts that will take a look at you and know what would look good on you, what kind of haircut you should get etc.  I'm sure this must be a thing, but what are they called exactly? Makeover artists? Wardrobe assistants? 🤔
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 20, 2020	labels:What are some good brands for quality slim/skinny fit, tapered, stretch jeans? I have a pair of uniqlos that I like alright, but was wondering what some other go-to brands are for comfy, sharp-looking jeans.	episode_done:True
text:Cyberpunks Not Dead - Inspo Album	labels:id is	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 08, 2020	labels:Do I suck at googling or does MFA not yet have an inspo album thread based on "The Americans"?
text:How do we feel about see-through totes?	labels:We had to scramble for something when my 16 year old and friends went to the Ariana Grande concert and a few days before were emailed that they had to bring see through bags. So now she has a Brandy Melville clear backpack for concerts and arena events.  I bought myself a Kate Spade clear crossbody for myself just in case. You know, for whenever we can go to such events again.
text:Inspo Album: The Fun Coats Club	labels:That multicolored coat on the woman wearing all yellow makes me smile so much!! Also the last image is def my aesthetic.	episode_done:True
text:I am sorry you had that experience. You should have reached out to me. WvG does stand for quality. Things do happen, unfortunately, especially when humans are involved. However, WvG goes out of our way to correct any errors that might of happened on our end.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 19, 2020	labels:What is the ideal lapel width for a 36S suit jacket? (small framed guy, 5’7”, 125 lb)	episode_done:True
text:Have you ever participated in a clothing swap - in person or online?	labels:I used to do clothing swaps in college and in the first years post-college when lots of my friends lived nearby. We always had tons of fun! We were all roughly similar sizes but many different heights, styles, and budgets. Whatever wasn’t claimed at the end of the party was donated. It was always exciting when something fit someone else better than the original owner. I still have several pieces from those swaps.   Now that we’ve scattered across the country, I haven’t done a big swap in a while but when I’m cleaning out my closet, I do occasionally set aside an item or two that I know a friend would love or look great in. I know a few things have even been handed down to friends of friends - especially a lot of first office job clothes I bought at H&M that have made their way through 3 or 4 people now.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 31	labels:MFA confessions: I realised I don’t own a pair of “normal” trousers anymore. They’re all skinny, cropped, skinny cropped, wide or wide cropped. Edit: or spirally or wrinkly	episode_done:True
text:When is end of season? Is it the $76 prices right now or even deeper sale?	labels:End of the winter season like in Feb, but I think they might have sales on Black Friday/Christmas. They can go down to 40ish.	episode_done:True
text:Finding your style tips	labels:The post from 3 days ago is still there and everyone can read the comments. There is no need to post this again as it's just repetitive.
text:General Discussion - November 15, 2020	labels:Northern fashion problems: sun is so low and weather is so bad, I barely have light to take fit pics.
text:hard disagree with point #4. See: Nomos, Sinn, Seiko, Grand Seiko quartz, Damasko, etc.	labels:GS quartz is less than $3k?
text:General Discussion - November 01	labels:JUST GOT CHASED BY AN ANTI MASKER IN MANHATTAN YELLIN SLURS AT ME
text:Researchers use AI machine learning to let people try on clothes virtually based on just two separate images	labels:Awesome. Thanks for sharing!	episode_done:True
text:How to find non-custom tailored clothing for short men (under 5')	labels:Hey I'm a 5'1" man (not trans or anything, just have short parents) who had previously found myself in a similar situation. I now get most of my clothes from brands that have XXS. Uniqlo has been one of my go to brands, the sleeves are a bit long (maybe by 1") but that I get it tailored so that the fit is perfect even if it costs me an extra $15. Banana Republic's XXS size also fits nicely. That should get you through all tops, dressy and classy. Get the slim fit if it fits you better.  Outerwear like jackets I get from Uniqlo. JCrew XS back in the day was pretty good.  As for suits, I have so far gotten them custom made in India. Let me know if you find something that works for you and I might check it out.
text:I may be totally wrong, but I bet at least some of those "my clothes fall apart after first wash" may just be people laundering their own clothes for the first time and not really knowing that figuring out your washing machine and its settings is quite significant to how your clothes will come out.  My clothes looked rough when I used to just dump them all in a big ball into a laundrette washing machine and tumble dry them. Now that I have my own washing machine, use custom settings and and air dry the clothes (or hand wash in the sink if needed), they stay looking new way longer.	labels:I also think it has to do with the quality of the clothes and isn't always the washers fault. When a shirt is super cheap and mostly polyester or theres issues in the sewing it will fall apart pretty quickly	episode_done:True
text:I think people maybe forget what the culture was here a long time ago. Runway looks were *never* talked about. OCBDs literally were the height of fashion.   *Timelessness* was also very much a product of the post-recession mindset and attributing it to MFA seems a bit grandiose.	labels:> I think people maybe forget what the culture was here a long time ago. Runway looks were never talked about. OCBDs literally were the height of fashion.   As I recall it it was just a lot of noobs helping other noobs and trying to bootstrap an understanding of fashion out of that. Actually worked reasonably well for what it was, but the results were sometimes terribly myopic. I think it's better now.  > Timelessness was also very much a product of the post-recession mindset and attributing it to MFA seems a bit grandiose.  Yeah I wasn't sure about "spawned" -- "belonged to" seems definitely right, though. But many of the blogs really pushing for #menswear (DAE spezzatura) seemed to be posted here a lot and gained a lot of their community following from here. Can't really say how much MFA just sat within this zeitgeist and how much it helped shape and propagate it.  You've been here more consistently than most, perhaps you have a more refined impression on how that went?
text:I love the ruched side cutouts! The first time I saw them, I wasn’t into it, but I tried on one yesterday and it’s so flattering. The ruched cutouts are (sometimes) adjustable so you can customize to your body type, and it also allows for a more fitted waist.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - February 13, 2021	labels:The existential crisis of purchasing dope outerwear I really like and then having to debate whether to size up to allow layering or stay true to size and risk a bit of tightness if I choose to layer or just not layer at all.  It's a real exercise to getting to know myself and it turns out I still don't know myself ㅠㅠ  Such is the journey I guess.
text:A discussion of Ruth Bader Ginsburg's infamous fashion statements	labels:I enjoyed reading this so much! I’ve long looked up to RBG for many many reasons, but love that you highlighted her fashion too. Rest in peace RBG ❤️	episode_done:True
text:Hell yes!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Wardrobe Problems: Separates	labels:Nope, I am the reverse!  I do not own a dress, do have ONE summer skirt which I very very rarely wear.  I'm strictly a jeans/trousers/shorts Little Old Lady!	episode_done:True
text:If you could describe your style in 3 words, what would it be?	labels:Pajamas or scrubs?	episode_done:True
text:great answer. YOU ARE THE COOL GUY	labels:Well, considering your advice, I'd rather say that YOU are the cool guy!  Thanks for the advice :)
text:Do you feel constrained fashion-wise by not wanting to (or being able to) wear heels?	labels:I feel my best in heels. I completely identify with that actress who insisted her character would keep her heels on in Jurassic World. I hate how casual everything has gotten and can’t wait for sneakers with everything to die the ignominious death they deserve.   That being said, 3 inch stilettos are not a shoe to wear frequently. I pretty much live in flats or stacked heel boots. I would love to see more practical heels have a moment once the clunky shoe trend runs its course.	episode_done:True
text:Do you think that designer brands will no longer be as sought after in the future?	labels:I don't get the logic.  Why would people be buying secondhand designer clothing if they didn't want designer clothing?  The pop in secondhand designer does not just *happen* to coincide with multiple major economic recessions and historically low relative wages for working class people.  At the same time we're in the shadow of a fast fashion industry that deliberately produces 'affordable' clothing of an extremely poor quality.  So, for a lot of us, the only way we can obtain good quality clothing is to buy it second-hand.  As for online platforms, I believe those only contribute to the popularity of designer clothing.  Since people can no longer handle clothing in person before we purchase it, we are even more reliant on brand reputation for a clue as to what the garment's quality might be.	episode_done:True
text:Anyone like wearing traditional clothing from you culture?	labels:I also love wearing my cultural wear! I was born and raised in the US, but my parents are from Vietnam. Our traditional dress is the áo dài, and I just think it’s so beautiful. It’s such an elegant piece of clothing and literally makes any girl look good, no matter what size or shape you are. I’d love to wear it as part of everyday wear, but it looks a bit formal for most occasions. I have seen some more modern versions and a bit trendier versions, so I’m trying to get my hands on that. As for now, I just wear my cultural dress to church on Sundays, which is a more appropriate setting.  But I wouldn’t worry yourself about what your mom has to say about it. If it you like it and it makes you feel good, then why not wear it? I bet you look amazing in them, it sounds so cute!
text:What are the Luxury IT Bags right now? And which ones are actually worth the $?	labels:In love with KARA NY bike bag  Edit: I should clarify that this is definitely contemporary, not couture	episode_done:True
text:Maybe drop some pics in the general discussion over in r/rawdenim. I bet there's some people over there that would be interested in taking a look.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What was your first 'expensive' fashion purchase?	labels:My first purchase was a Gucci crossbody when I was 17 (over 10 years ago). I saved up many paycheques and walked in the store with a load of $20s. I sold it a few years ago for basically the same price I paid for it.	episode_done:True
text:Military Adjacent	labels:People wearing military or military inspired pieces. Lots of shots from Theresq&Co, sorry about that. A lot of this stuff was taken from instagram accounts so if you're curious about any garments I might be able to track them down.
text:What is your 2021 style resolution?	labels:Focus on quality rather than quantity.
text:I had a similar no jeans allowed dilemma! I have a medical problem that makes tight pants/denim not an option (except the occasional legging day). At first that meant I had wear the few pairs of androgynous-looking joggers which is a fun style but started to make me feel really frumpy and sad having to wear them every day. Now I’ve built up some trousers that look more put together and have a loose fit and conveniently usually an adjustable waistband, which has worked great for my recent weight gain. As a result I’ve also become much fonder of tight tops to balance out the looser pants.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are your favorite sites to read and learn about fashion?	labels:Cup of jo has beauty and fashion articles every so often,it isn’t their main focus.  I like those articles though as it discusses personal reasons for choosing clothing and captures everyday style.  I used to look at the photos captured on The Sartorialist,not sure if that’s still going. Loved those for street style across the world.	episode_done:True
text:Got tired of skipping ads, left on 20/45.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 24, 2020	labels:I have some dark brown laced up winter boots and just got some black leather gloves for christmas. What would be a good way to pair those?	episode_done:True
text:Got it, thanks. Its kinda tricky to get a real "no-show" sock to actually disappear in low shoes, but I hear your point.	labels:Van's themselves sells these kind of socks.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 20, 2020	labels:Why are there so many flannels with the deep side cuts. Who tucks in their flannels??
text:Yes, I think it is a hobby now. I love fashion I have been interested in cothes since I was a kid. For now, I don't have the skills, but it is like mindfulness. Maybe one day I get there :) Thanks a lot!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Aimé Leon Dore for Drake's F/W 2020 Lookbook	labels:I can’t vibe with this. I don’t like loose clothing that isn’t structured, most of the time.  I don’t like the joggers+ blazer thing. I don’t know how to make that work.  Edit: I take it back. Some of the loose stuff does have some structure to it, but I can’t really put my finder on what it really is that bothers me about it.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 18, 2021	labels:Recommended source for stainless steel and black chains?  I have been looking around for some necklace and bracelet chains of varying lengths and thicknesses.  I am looking for some miami cuban and rope chains in stainless steel and black finishes. Not looking for real gold right now.  Do you have any recommended places I can look to purchase online?  I have been looking through quite a few different shops and can't ever seem to be able to find what I'm looking for. Am just looking for some more recommendations to continue my digging.  TIA	episode_done:True
text:Thought this belonged here	labels:I thought we banned infographics. Especially bad ones like these.	episode_done:True
text:What are your 2021 Fashion / Style Goals?	labels:i’m definitely trying to declutter, i still have clothes in my closet that i’ve had since high school (i’m 24 now) and haven’t touched for years. I also am focusing on buying more quality pieces that will last for a long time. Like rather than having several white button downs that i’m not in love with, finding the perfect one and sticking with it.	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone have any visual guides for how clothes should fit	labels:If the clothes aren't too tight and don't look like a shapeless bag on you, you're good.	episode_done:True
text:Honestly that kinda ties into it too. If someone's asking "I want to minimize the appearance of my belly, how should I do that?", then that's definitely valid advice, but plenty of people would say "if you have a belly, just never wear any slim fit shirts", which is absurd - it's presuming that people's default stance *should* be hiding their body if it doesn't conform to certain standards	labels:	episode_done:True
text:People with crazy hair, how do you plan your outfits to go with your hair color?	labels:My hair was a bright blue/purple for a while, and I definitely had to alter my wardrobe to accommodate it. The colors I'd been used to wearing clashed badly with my hair, so I shifted my wardrobe toward colors that suited it. I didn't necessarily plan my outfits to match it, but I wanted to be sure that nothing I wore clashed. When I eventually went back to my natural color, I had to once again get rid of some wardrobe pieces and replace them!	episode_done:True
text:What are people's experiences with clothing challenges like trying not to buy clothes for a year/only buying second hand? What are some tips?	labels:I try to do no buys but fashion is my number one hobby and now that I have a little disposable income I buy things that I love. Whenever no-buys happen they're not on purpose, I just happened to not have bought anything.   So, for me, approaching this less from an environmental impact and more from a "personal ethos" standpoint helps my spending habits. Do I admire the construction, the fabric, the style? Even if I don't wear this a lot will I be happy with it in my closet? When it's time to part with my clothes I sell them online and hope someone will buy it before taking it to goodwill because I want the garment to continue it's life (lol). I think by developing your own thoughts around spending and what you want, the sustainability and mindfulness will come naturally.   ALSO if you like Zara secondhand is the time to buy! I haven't shopped their in years but I do have some stuff that's really held up and looks good from them. But I also totally get why you wouldn't wanna but anything from them at all.	episode_done:True
text:A discussion about “knockoff culture”	labels:You see this a ton in the world of lingerie, maybe even more so than clothing.  I think it’s impossible for a designer to truly say they own a design element, so dupes and items that have been inspired by other designs are fine by me. If design houses are often ‘inspired’ by smaller indie labels anyway. They bring to trend to mainstream, and it filters down.   I don’t think the example you mentioned would hurt Sezane. The knockoffs allow more people to wear the trend who couldn’t afford ‘the original’ and seeing the design become really popular and trendy would probably make more people want to purchase it. The people who tend to shop from sezane or other higher priced retailers aren’t likely to buy knockoffs because they want higher quality.   The one thing I think is wrong is people selling fakes, trying to pass it off as a genuine designer item. This could either be a high quality dupe of a high end designer, or cheap amazon listings using a photo of the garment they’re copying, when the reality is they’re selling you something much worse. Unfortunately this kind of thing is becoming rampant as if you can shut down one retailer, they just make a new amazon/Ali express store and start again.	episode_done:True
text:Reasonable	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Psychological & personal reasons for impulse buying	labels:I was definitely in my feelings after the Gen Z vs Millennial fashion thread, and after months where I've only bought a few items on poshmark, I ended up placing two orders trying to prove to myself that im not an old millennial that doesn't know how to dress. and then i bought some new athletic gear because I had already warmed up my credit card so, fuck it budget to the wind.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 10, 2021	labels:Looking for comfortable office shoe brands.  Business casual would be the style around $100 range.
text:Help with 2020 post-COVID scrubs style	labels:Inpatient psych unit - I have never tried figs so can’t speak to that hype but I absolutely love healing hands purple label. My scrub store didn’t have too many options for tall women and this was one of my only options (they do regular and petite too!). They didn’t have a variety of styles at the store I went to but I later saw they have a lot of variety. My biggest thing is that they fit nicely, stretched well, and material was comfortable as I am super sensitive to materials. My friends have their “yoga” style and it’s nicer and more form fitting. I haven’t strayed from this brand yet.	episode_done:True
text:LOL 80s real estate agent! Its so specific! I love it. I, too, would remember and couldn't help but channel that vibe!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What do YOU do with "chub rub" jeans?	labels:I did a patch with a pair of jeans I noticed wearing down a lot. Took some spare fabric (two pieces a bit larger than the palm of my hand, larger than the area that was wearing out) and sewed it on the inside around the area wearing out. Then set the sewing machine to a zigzag stitch with blue thread (a bit too light, but that’s what I had on hand) and just went to town going back and forth over the entire area. It’s worked well for more wears than any other patch methods I’ve tried	episode_done:True
text:I'm from the north side of cbus and my local mall had a different store for every single iteration of Chico's and Talbot's at one point. Men, Kids, Maternity, the list goes on and on and I think that really says something about the regional fashion sense.  Also worth noting that L Brands stores predominate because Les Wexner owns columbus.	labels:cursed be his name	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Queer Anthropologist from the PNW	labels:Great inspo album! TIL i look gayer than i realise.  Do you happen to have the meme image in higher resolution?	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone take their “power color” really seriously? Basing a whole wardrobe around one color - not just choosing an accent color for a neutral capsule?	labels:Does this count if my power color is black?
text:How many distinctly different outfits do you have?	labels:One. All my outfits are the same color story and almost all are elbow length midi dresses. I like having a signature style and not having to worry about matching.	episode_done:True
text:Casual Blazer Inspo	labels:Great set of outfits.  As a blond, white guy with a bubbly personality, I'd like to see more colorful examples. I wear very little black clothing.	episode_done:True
text:The literal days i spent researching which were the best ones haunt me still...I don’t even own them or any plain white sneaker anymore and I frankly don’t miss them at all.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 11, 2020	labels:*it’s the current meta*   Fuck you nerd, it’s not a video game
text:Inspo Album: No-Nonsense Professional Stately Fantasy Princess	labels:Wow. I finally have a name for my ideal style. Lol it’s been brewing in my head for years and here you are casually summing it up in a few words and photos!	episode_done:True
text:Black Friday Sale/Deal List 2020	labels:Pistol Lake just started their sale. Bonobos too	episode_done:True
text:Tony Hsieh, Zappos Luminary Who Revolutionized the Shoe Business, Dies at 46	labels:Tony is a local treasure. If you guys have ever hung out in Downtown Las Vegas in the last five years, he’s the main reason for the renovations.  Life Is Beautiful is his baby, and his renovation projects in Vegas have created countless irreplaceable memories.  We love you Tony. Vegas loves you.	episode_done:True
text:So uh, what’s the trends for fall this year?	labels:This might be totally wrong but I have a feeling that face masks are gonna be big this season.
text:+J/UNIQLO SPECIAL COLLABORATION: What’s the verdict?	labels:I was aiming to get two of the leather belts at launch but I must have gotten the launch time wrong (was it 3 am EST??)   So, by the time I actually looked I grabbed the oversized white collared shirt and the silk turtleneck and am happy with both. The shirt could have been a little thicker but looks lovely and isn't see-through.
text:Pros and cons of an a capsule wardrobe?	labels:Disclaimer-- I know myself well enough to know that a capsule wardrobe is not for me.  When I get back from traveling, I cannot wait to wear different clothes.  Consider your laundry situation.  Having a smaller wardrobe means that you will be doing laundry more often.  If you're one in a family of 6, it may not be a big deal.  But for a single apartment dweller (pay per load), the additional costs can add up quickly.   Because I pay per load, I make sure that I maximize the capacity and only wash full loads (I'm paying the same no matter the capacity).  I am not one to hand-wash clothes in a bathroom sink.  Not now, not ever!   I do laundry roughly every other week alternating lights and darks.  (Sheets and towels are their own ballgame, and I will sometimes throw things in with them.)
text:Hedi Slimane’s CELINE- an idealized look at 1960s rock & roll (large inspiration album)	labels:Pretty sure the guy leaning on the step ladder is Luke Hall, I went to school with his sister.	episode_done:True
text:Thank you for taking the time to read & share your experience! I’m glad it genuinely makes you happy. Sending you positive vibes:)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - February 14, 2021	labels:Can anyone comment on what the quality of Banks Journal is like?	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 19, 2020	labels:I am 100% over some of these ridiculous conspiracy theories surrounding the pandemic.  I am SHOCKED and frustrated by the opinions of people and family I once respected or at least begrudgingly put up with. There's no point.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 29, 2020	labels:Where to buy short scarves? Specifically below 150cm (60inches) in length and 15-25cm width (6 to 10 inches).	episode_done:True
text:Knee-high boots, classy heels, or trendy sneakers?	labels:I really don’t wear any of those! I do have a pair of shiny silver reebok’s that I occasionally drag out when I want to feel like a superhero- but I generally stick to flats (ballet, loafers, chelsea boots).   I’d love to be a heel person, but I’m already about 5’11”. I don’t have any sort of insecurity about being extra tall, but it’s a pain when you have to bend down for everything.	episode_done:True
text:Apolis immediately jumps to mind when hearing chore coat.  Also, the infamous (years ago on MFA) Pointer Chore Coat.	labels:Does Apolis still make Chore jackets? I went to their website recently and they're only selling tote bags now. What happened to Apolis?
text:This made me browse that sub and found someone saying Saint Laurent boots are better made than Story et Fall  Blinded by the hype, poor soul	labels:It's funny how some of us get really attached to brands. To an extent I can't really blame others bc I used to have a similar mentally when I was a teen.	episode_done:True
text:But I feel like unlike runway fashion, concept cars are more appealing to the masses, even if they ultimately can't afford them.	labels:Yes, your interests reflect that you’re a super unique, special flower.	episode_done:True
text:If you were a villain in a movie, what would you wear?	labels:Lots of latex!  Also, have a professional trainer and dietitian provided by the studio to look good in said latex.	episode_done:True
text:What are some unexpected surprises you've found with certain clothing brands that are known for other things?	labels:I was surprised that Abercrombie wasn't just mall crap for teenagers anymore. It's not the heritage company it once was either, it's just a lower-end mall brand now with a lot of solid basics.
text:It's been a stressful week to say the least.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The best running shorts — 12 pairs tested (full post in comments)	labels:For running shorts, I’m a big fan of the “Brooks Go To” 2” running shorts.  I ditched the phone years ago, and just run with my Apple Watch that has cellular service.  I can sync a playlist of music, and use AirPods via Bluetooth.  If I get a call or text, it comes through the watch to AirPods.  The less stuff I have on a run, the better, and this has worked well for me.	episode_done:True
text:Buy/Sell/Trade - November 2020	labels:Can you list anything? Or does it have to be fashion and accessories?
text:Favorite Lingerie Brands?	labels:Kind of a boring rec, but I really like Aerie. They have replaced Victoria's Secret for me as a relatively inexpensive brand that still is good quality.
text:General Discussion - November 11, 2020	labels:Is it "sequel" or "es queue el"?
text:6 months pregnant, I feel you	labels:	episode_done:True
text:One of my favorite articles of clothing is a super soft heather grey jumpsuit that an ex referred to as the trash bag	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Definitely on board with prints - I have printed pants and lots of printed tops. I usually match a print of one with a plain color of another that pulls from one of the print colors. Of course, I have way too many shoes (boots, really) to match... getting dressed this way is really fun but takes a long time since I tend to have too many options compared to too few, lol	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What's wrong with stuff from the '70s?	labels:I mean I’ll be honest I think, generally speaking,  the 70s are incredibly ugly from an aesthetics standpoint, there’s a few exceptions I guess but I can’t imagine wanting to emulate anything from the 70s	episode_done:True
text:I had this coworker. She was Ukrainian and looked amazing every day. Told me I was so pretty but why were my nails bare? Hair not done? Clothes all black? You are a WOMAN, she said.   She always seemed so impressed by each individual change that I kept going. Weekly manicures, nonblack clothing (I discovered that I look great in red!), tasteful makeup. People around the office were gossiping that I was trying to find a man. "No, a man is looking for HER!", she told them.   Then suddenly she disappeared. Quit over the phone and changed her number. I like to think she was an angel in a very impressionable time for me, but I think she might have just had issues with her work visa.	labels:I fanfictioned for myself that she was a fabulous spy a la “The Americans.” But while she was here, she made a side quest to hype you up. Glad you’re living fabulously  💅	episode_done:True
text:Wish we could just ban people for this shit  Any conversation around "you have to be attractive/tall/skinny to pull this off", when taken to its logical conclusion, is just people saying that people that don't fit Western beauty standards look objectively bad *at all times* regardless of what they're wearing or doing  Like I've seen people say that if you're short or if you're overweight you can't wear "x", but the "x" is basically everything, and they never seem to reach the point where they admit that they just think that the best certain people can hope for is inoffensive or unnoticeable, which disgusts me	labels:I've talked about this before but a lot of these "rules" that people talk about like "don't wear $thing if you're $characteristic" have to main parts to it:  1. They're always about *not* doing something 2. They're always about a stereo-typically "negative" characteristic  > *Don't* wear $thing, if you're *$negative-characteristic*  You never hear the opposite, for any characteristic "positive" or "negative". It's always restrictive.  > Wear $thing if you're *$characteristic*
text:Turtlenecks as a Base Layer - Inspiration Album	labels:I love this so much	episode_done:True
text:Are our ideas about what looks “dated” on either ourselves or others affected by or correlated with our age?	labels:Yes, I do think our age definitely affects what looks dated to our eye.   I’m noticing that some younger men are wearing some strange iterations of 80’s color-blocked track suits that to me look very Golden Girls. Also, I’ve seen shirt and shorts sets on rappers made out of wild print fabrics exactly like the ones I made for my toddler 25 years ago.  I’m older, so I’ve seen a lot of trends come and go. We are now at the point where they are starting to repeat and are designated as “Vintage”.  I have cultivated my personal style over many years (boho/western), and have seen it done well by Ralph Lauren and most recently Christian Dior in 2018(?) and enjoy the idea of wearing the beautiful things I’ve collected until the end of my life.
text:Inspo Album: Texture!	labels:This is the best inspo album I have ever seen !!! ❤️❤️❤️	episode_done:True
text:Brooks Brothers's Future Looks a Lot Like Menswear’s Past	labels:* Less SKUs. The amount of stuff BB sells is overwhelming.  * Do away with there weirdly named fit system. Change it to Extra Slim, Slim, Regular, Thicc Daddies * Revamp the BB website. It's been terrible for a long time. * Have the athleisure stuff, but also focus on high quality basics, again with less SKUs. Have something like an "essentials" line. The Navy Suit. The Charcoal Suit. The OCDB. The Chino. The Wool Trouser. Without fifty million variations thereof. You go now and it's like here are three navy suits with different kinds of stretch, here are four more with some kind of temperature controlling fabric. Just give me a half to full canvas lined 100% wool navy suit in various fits and sizes. In other words, simplify your menswear line to cut down on SKUs, and that will give you more room to play with sheep on skis and stuff (i think that does sound kind of cute, very Ralph Lauren). * Do away with Golden Fleece, Red Fleece. Mainline only. Again confusing to the consumer. * Where BB could play more is in areas like sport shirts. By all means offer your classics like blackwatch etc., but other menswear shops like Sid Mashburn or Todd Snyder offer all kinds of fun prints and colors while still feeling like classic #menswear.  i dunno, just riffing my own personal desires for BB. i don't know anything about running a large clothing manufacturer and retailer.
text:For a budget like that you're gonna have to go thrifting	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Wolf vs Goat Fonzie Goes to India t-shirt Review and Fit	labels:I’ve been looking for the perfect white T-shirt for a while. It’s almost an obsession at this time.  Right now the only T-shirt that checks all the marks, except for price, is Velva Sheen.  Wolf vs Goat seems too gimmicky to enter the list as of yet I tried these brands:  Velva Sheen — perfect but too expensive. Not very soft but I don’t really mind it since it holds its shape/fit is the perfect thickness.  Everlane heavyweight cotton — good but too long.  Naked and famous — too long and expensive ($50)  Uniqlo Supima cotton — too thin, shows my nipples  Taylor stitch heavy weight — too thick for the summer  Taylor stitch hemp cotton blend — too thin, shows my nipples. Nice fit though   Random Amazon heavy weight cotton — too long and loose  Next one one on my list is Kuwalla because they have the same barrel stitching construction as Velva Sheen but much cheaper at roughly $25/tshirt, and it will likely be the last one before I bite the bullet and go full Velva sheen for my tshirts.  Edit:  Just noticed WvG is based in DC. Going to give them a try.
text:What rules do you break for your body type?	labels:I’m a pear shape but I love fun colored pants and skirts.	episode_done:True
text:Riches to rags: The myth of sustainable fashion (The Financial Times).	labels:The best pieces of clothing I have I've found from driftstores. Just yesterday I spotted a brand name down jacket for just 7€. The feeling of finding just the thing you've been thinking of buying for a long time AND in exactly your size is just something else
text:Anyone else missing party clothes?	labels:I absolutely miss dressing up and going out. The faux fur coat I got last winter is so lonely	episode_done:True
text:I feel this! I purged my closet of anything that requires special underwear.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Riches to rags: The myth of sustainable fashion (The Financial Times).	labels:Does someone have a link to an article of this? It’s not very readable on my small phone
text:Shitpost Saturday: Party Outfit	labels:I'd like to submit my neighbor for consideration: I live in a rural area and he is an old man with long hair, a long beard, and not many teeth. He's currently dancing in the road wearing nothing but shorts and an american flag, waving a Biden sign.
text:General Discussion - January 13, 2021	labels:HOW THE FUCK AM I SUPPOSED TO KEEP WORKING FOR THE NEXT 40 YEARS OF MY LIFE?!?!?  Maybe it's just me but I'm working my quote unquote "dream job" and it fucking sucks. As someone who got an engineering degree and is now in business, soooo much of business is bullshit but staring at a computer all day also seems miserable. Jobs are not your life and I wish that was the culture we lived in. 30 hr work week when?
text:Can I see your casual natural-fabric outfits?	labels:I live in my cashmere sweatsuits. They look chic and stylish and feel better than the best pajamas. I also have sensory issues—can’t do tight, non stretch, or itchy. You can find slightly thinner but still high quality cashmere for good prices nowadays. Make sure to use mothballs when storing.	episode_done:True
text:Agree 100%	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Yohji Yamamoto F/W 2021	labels:yo these are some of the most fire looks in central yarhnam  (joking aside this stuff is sick but i don't have much else to say lol)
text:Winter Whites: a White Pants After Labor Day Inspo Album	labels:Where do we get that grey overcoat on the first pic?	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 20, 2020	labels:We got the wide      All the people in MFA, we got the wide      r/rawdenim and r/goodyearwelt, we got the wide     r/streetwear and r/japanesestreetwear, we got the wide       People on Styleforum, we got the wide       If you're on fashion Insta, you got the wide     SuFu, SZ, KTT2 wides      Out on /fa/, we got the wide      In the Americas, we got the wide      Over in Europe, you know what, we got the wide-fit
text:Revisiting Fall/Winter Favorites -Duffle Coats pt 3	labels:I picked up a Gloverall duffle coat in a beautiful emerald green about 5 years ago or so, and it has has done me proud. It may not be the most versatile item in my wardrobe but but I really love it, and at the end of the day that's what matters.	episode_done:True
text:If you had $5,000 to What-Not-To-Wear style re-do your whole wardrobe, how would you do it? What would be your process? What would you prioritize?	labels:You know what? I’m middle aged and secure in my job. I’d go full cyber goth. Not even joking. I’ve spent my whole life trying to dress appropriately for my work and lifestyle and it’s boring me. I have all kinds of office appropriate slacks and cardigans and button up shirts in cutesy patterns, casual jeans and sensible shoes. I want to wear plastic corsets and fluorescent clip in braids and platform combat boots.
text:/u/wuzpoppin really opened my eyes to looser and wider styles. All while doing it so effortlessly	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Albums: No-Nonsense Professional and Stately Fantasy Princess	labels:When I saw the title I was hoping for a no-nonsense professional stately fantasy princess-- when your job is being a princess and you just need to get on with it
text:The trick is to suggest your own categories on your alt account to sweep the awards season.  - Best drapey black shit - Best use of tabi shoes - Most averse to garlic - Least likely to withstand sunlight - Biggest fangs - Best cdot5 fit	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Tips To Spice Up Wardrobe	labels:Just getting fun jewelry and accessories can really help! : )
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 19, 2021	labels:Looking for affordable alternatives to Kleman Padror style shoes. I know 150 is decent price already but... broke student here.
text:YES THIS! Might I suggest a light weight down jacket to wear beneath. Brought one from Uniqlo like two years ago. Works a treat.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:But don't forget a second dong reserved just for their everlasting boner for Alden.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 28, 2020	labels:Really thick into quarantine and realized I don't really have anyone to talk about fashion with anymore. It's kind of a bummer being excited about clothes and not being able to talk about it. Makes me actually want to start posting pics on WAYWT.   Been slowly replacing my closet with a lot of Todd Snyder and don't know how to feel about it lol, always wanted a "cool designer" closet but from a cost and functionality stand point it's not very doable. Good staples just get more wear in my closet, got to pick up more stand out pieces so I don't feel boring!
text:This also goes for sites that have videos of products and a product oddly has no video. I know sites like ASOS have reduced video numbers due to COVID but they’re mostly back now	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Shopping for clothing items you already own: confessions of an outfit repeater	labels:Omg! I hear y’a!! I just went and purchased some denizen jeans yesterday from Target because I’m very afraid they might stop stocking it and that’s the only Jean that fits me so well!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 20	labels:I never wear straight fit      Cause straight fit is the cousin of slim fit!
text:> beige getting popular was around 2009 (the great recession)  I would also add that life just...isn't fun right now. Just like in 2009, people are anxious and unhappy. People have lost their jobs even their homes. On top of that, we have an insanely fractured political environment and have been deprived of our basic need to be social & around other humans. This just isn't yellow sundress with sandals vibes. I hope, hope, hope summer 2021 is different.	labels:Ugh... I'm super, super lucky to be in an okay place financially during these times, but I haven't done any shopping at all since the pandemic hit because I never leave the house. I now wear sweatpants 90% of the time. I bought a super cute summer dress just before everything shut down, and I still haven't had a chance to wear it 😭 (First world problems, I know...)	episode_done:True
text:What are your favorite straight leg jeans?	labels:levis ribcage straight ankle. $100 but 100% worth it
text:Shitpost Saturday: Fashion Resolutions	labels:This year I'm going beyond my commitment to classic, timeless fashion. All of my 2021 clothing will be space-timeless, because I am moving to a higher plane of style that does not acknowledge the constraints of physics or the rules of general relativity.	episode_done:True
text:D: none of the above   but replacing the buttons could work. It may still look off but most people won't notice.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How many pairs of jeans and pairs of shoes should you own?	labels:Women can have things they enjoy having without being concern trolled about how much they really need it.   I don't see men getting hassled for the amount of electronic waste their hobbies produce.   I doubt every fifth post in the Funko Pop subreddit is about curbing consumption and how they should be rethinking their involvement in a plastics based interest.   Personally, I think they're wasteful as shit, but I'm not about to roll up into their space and shame them for it.  I'm so over the handwringing, guilt, and joylessness about fashion in this sub sometimes.
text:Imgur is having a moment.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What’s on everyone’s Black Friday wishlists?	labels:I had one item on my Black Friday wishlist and picked it up yesterday when the sale started-- a Fitbit Charge 4.  I bought 2 cute bands for it on Amazon and now I can't remove the OG one (there's a way, I just need the patience to figure it out).  Now I have $75 to spend at Kohl's starting next week so I'm trying to figure out how to spend it.	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Grandma's Gift	labels:bright yellow hand-knitted acrylic jumper	episode_done:True
text:My 2020 Clothing Challenge	labels:I love both of those red dresses on you!! I hope you get a chance to wear them soon so they don’t stay as “misses”	episode_done:True
text:This whole article reads/looks like a Talking Heads song AND I LOVE IT!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Are your glasses part of your style?	labels:I haven't been able to buy any glasses online yet. Glasses feel like too much of a serious purchase to leave in my amateur hands. Also, if I already overthink which earrings to wear to work everyday, imagine if I had to pick out glasses too??? That being said, I wear the same glasses everyday for 2-3 years until I can't stand the sight of them and then go buy something totally different, then repeat. I try out different shapes and styles (I've had square hipster, cat's eye, tortoiseshell, thick arms, and currently big nearly-clear peachy ones which are my favourite because they show off my eye makeup and are less in-your-face. What I refuse to wear are colourful glasses, because I know I'll get sick of those quirky red frames super quickly!) People get so freaked out when I show up to work with a different hairstyle...can you imagine how many irritating comments I'd have to deal with if I switched up my glasses every day? "Something's different about you today..." "Did you get new glasses?" Etc. For my own personal sanity, I could never!   Anyway, if you're feeling in the mood for a switch up, I say go for it! These are something you wear everyday so you should love them!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 29, 2020	labels:This fits somewhere between here and simple questions. Would a series of posts focusing on clothes for different body types be of interest (similar to favorite ____ for $___)?   Ex: tops/outerwear for a belly/wide waist  Bottoms for M A S S I V E T H I G H S  Shoes for large/small feet (size 13+ or under 8)
text:The best running shorts — 12 pairs tested (full post in comments)	labels:Canterbury Advantage rugby shorts. All I’ve worn to workout/run for years now.	episode_done:True
text:Eh, Bronson definitely takes stuff from Mr Freedom/Buzz Rickson. Bronson is like half the price of LU tho.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 06, 2020	labels:What has been your crowning fashion achievement or something that you're super proud of?   For me it's probably that one time I made the denim pilgrimage to Kojima Jeans Street in Okayama and bought a pair of Kamikaze Attack from the owner himself. That or my wardrobe built on sample sales
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 25, 2020	labels:I've recently broke up with my long term gf and am looking at upgrading all of my clothes. Where should I be looking at getting new clothes from?  I'm looking for something that's fairly well fitted for someone that works out quite frequently and ideally something that is eco friendly. I am based in the UK.
text:I was thinking that all of my actually-effortless styles are based around knit dresses and a 60 second updo. Comfy dresses feel like cheating, it so easy to look put together.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Changing Your Habits: Deciding to Not Shop Brands for Ethical or Other Reasons & Following Through	labels:     You can always shop second hand... Some people may still not want to even wear certain brands.... BUT it's a tiny bit like wearing fur. A great deal of people refuse to wear fur made recently but will allow exception to vintage items. If you can't live with out a certain label, maybe buying it second hand will lesson personal conflict created when buying new.        I will admit a strong bias toward buying second hand since I sell second hand. However, I'm not trying to self promote in any way. Just offering an alternative idea :)	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 13, 2020	labels:There is exactly one store I don't mind going to during the pandemic, and that store is Trader Joe's.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 26, 2020	labels:Guys who wear a silicone ring: Any recommendations on a decent quality option? My Enso ring was/ is absolutely trash.	episode_done:True
text:Cotton Candy Femme Fatale: A Cassie (Promising Young Woman) inspo album	labels:Thank you for this!!! I love feeling cute and the color pink but I have Tory me incorporating it into my style in a way that’s not trendy. Love it!!	episode_done:True
text:Why It's Important to have a Style POV & Desired Aesthetic	labels:Figured I'd let you know that ten years after finishing undergrad and six years after finishing my masters, I still get those dreams about missing a final or realizing I'm enrolled in a class I never went to once every one-two months. So, that might not be going away, haha.
text:Fold VS Hang	labels:Fold! I’m a firm believer in Marie Kondo’s method.	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone have a "uniform"?	labels:I often buy multiples of items I love. I bought several of the same cardigan after I realized that I wore it more than any other sweater I owned. It's great!  Another thing I do is, when I see an item I like, I mentally run through my closet and see if it will mesh with what I already own. If it works, I get it. If I'd have to buy several new items to make it work, I don't. For this reason, I don't own many t-shirts, but I do own lots of sweaters and dresses.
text:General Discussion - December 13, 2020	labels:I will always and forever read the phrase "tubular knit" in the voice of a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle.
text:I find it helpful to go out and really look at everyone else. I realize that I a) don't look that closely at people usually b) I don't care what they're wearing, also most people aren't perfectly styled but look fine. When I go out in my new outfit, I really pay attention to everyone else but usually no one even glances. Honestly, no one cares.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Men’s clothing	labels:Boys’ clothing that fits well will be easier for you to find than men’s.	episode_done:True
text:When/why did you get your first really fancy purse/bag?	labels:I got my first fancy bag after calling off my wedding lol I figured it cost around the same amount as the dress I wouldn’t ever wear so why not? The woman at the LV store thought I was on drugs ... “are you celebrating something?” And I’m like as a matter of fact, yes, yes I am. I just lost a ton of money on a wedding but I dodged a bullet and left that POS. All she said was “well you can always make more money” anyway, I’m getting a Chanel bag for my next milestone birthday. Not sure which one but it’s gonna happen soon.
text:Standard Fair and the Minimalist Sneaker [2 Week Review]	labels:Random thoughts:  Resolable sneakers weren't even on my radar screen, and I'm not sure I 'd pay extra for that in a sneaker, in spite of the fact I've bought into the whole boot thing.  The word THICC in a garment review makes me wince.  I could wear these in black, if the sole edge were also blacked out, but that drab olive is a no go for me.  Always interesting to read a thorough review, thanks.	episode_done:True
text:My childhood self feels this but in pink with yellow flowers.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Tips for easily looking more modern/in style?	labels:Hi,  I think you have to consider what is modern in your country/area/city if your goal is to appear modern. Eg tight leather pants and overknee boots were quite modern where I live 1-2 years ago but they would seem outdated now, but I still see them on instagram in other countries.  But generally, for a vibe, I would look at early seasons of friends (monika!) and fashionable movies and music videos (eg don't speak!) from the early to mid 90s for silhouettes, trouser cuts and articles of clothing you can add to your wardrobe. Other posters already got more detailed so I'll skip that.  Also I think looking at the websites of fashion forward brands like Zara and Monki help with finding out whats modern in terms of silhouettes, combinations and color stories without having to necessarily buy from them.
text:absolutely	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Except none of those people look like their clothes is from a thrift store.  All the clothes look far too new.	labels:I mean 2/6 of the people in the album have said their fit is 100% thrifted	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Vintage Wool Sweaters Need Good, Loving Homes	labels:As a born and raised Norwegian, now living in the UK, my love for wool jumpers is endless and my sadness is twofold. 1) I might be Norwegian, but I've also got extremely sensitive skin. Thus my heart may be set on wool, but my skin is absolutely not, unless it's very fine cashmere or particular blends. 2) When autumn comes my immediate reaction is "WEAR ALL THE WOOL JUMPERS", and then I remember I live in the south of England and it doesn't actually get that cold here, plus it always rains.   Neither of those points are going to keep me from now spending several hours looking at vintage wool jumpers online though.
text:Is it disgusting to not wear socks with shoes?	labels:She's a jerk, but also it's better for the shoes if you wear no-show socks.
text:It is very fun! I think to myself, "what would this character do with my closet?" so even though I don't have the low-rise jeans and tight satin tops of the 2000s needed to make more exact replicas, I still have a sense of what colors, fabrics, and silhouettes the character would go for. I am also fairly curvy, with prominent dark curly hair, so have to make adjustments there as well. For example, most of what Gabrielle Solis (Desperate Housewives) wears looks much less "classy" on a curvier frame, so to get her "vibe" I have to pick different pieces to fit my body type.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Discussion - “ Odd “ Fashion Inspirations	labels:I can't get enough of the fashion from Korean dramas. I do not have the body type of many of the actresses in there, but all of the pencil skirts and floofy blouses, the blazer combos, the accessories -- I love it!  I even find myself searching for some of the accessories (earrings and necklaces) worn in some of the dramas.
text:I have made a realization that, apart from school uniforms, I only ever wear polo shirts	labels:I think as long as you avoid the synthetic fabric blends and look for high quality pique or sweater knit styles, polo shirts make an excellent staple.   I would explore polo shirts that have minimal branding and instead explore visual interest with contrast ribbing, or through muted sweater patterns.
text:This is unhelpfully reductive and doesn't really address the issue in a way that makes sense. Down vs. synthetic is a tradeoff based on use cases, not a simple matter of one being better for everything.	labels:If one wants to make an ethical argument, thats up to them.  But down in a parka that has a waterproof shell is never going to lose against synthetic. Especially down which has been treated to not absorb humidity.   In sleeping bags, or for technical layers, there are more tradeoffs. But the OP already put themselves into the bucket of style/weight where Down is going to win across the board.   Synthetic can win on price (and get close to matching other considerations). But not $600 synthetic.	episode_done:True
text:### Shearling Jackets	labels:	episode_done:True
text:If you were a villain in a movie, what would you wear?	labels:I would for sure dress like Blake Lively in a Simple Favor. Lots of suits and gloves.
text:What age did you start pinning down your style? And how many times has it changed since then?	labels:I had a general style from a relatively young age, like teenage years. Kind of preppy, kind of quirky, lots of animals on my tops, lots of jewel tones, etc. I'd play around with buying other types of looks, but most of them left my closet pretty quickly. In my early/mid 20s, I did have this horrible period where I thought I needed to "grow up" so I purged a *ton* of stuff and thought I was just going to stick to neutrals and sleek lines and be very polished, or my idea of polished...I was miserable and by the time I was in my late 20s, began rebuilding my wardrobe to be filled with more things that just make me smile. I do have some of my neutrals hanging around. I learned I don't hate them, as long as they have texture or dramatic sleeves or things like that. So I guess the experience wasn't a total wash...  But yeah, I'm 31 and my style journey is just kind of ending up where I was at like 3. (I mean, I just bought a sweater of a giraffe, haha) But it was really about just kind of accepting who I am and realizing I'm probably not going to outgrow a lot the idiosyncrasies the way I thought I "should" 🤷‍♀️	episode_done:True
text:Endclothing unanswered Customer Support	labels:I've found the email support to be real slow. But the returns service has been great, I'm in the UK not sure where you are.  Just send them back detailing what's wrong with them on the return form included with your order and theyl switch them or give you a full refund, no need to contact them just print off the free return label and drop it off wherever accepts it localy.
text:You can wear any colour other than one that is the same as your skin tone.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Yeah, same.  So I moved it to February.  Already almost 18 hours in and I'm good.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Totally.  To me, Gen Z is a lot of clothing that isn’t work appropriate but super fun. A lot of crop tops, bra tops, spaghetti straps, usually some tummy showing, and then some baggy pants. Lots of thrifting and also cheap fast fashion. Doc Martens and other platform shoes. Very 90s/early 2000s. Long acrylic nails, false lashes. Really fun and can be a really “hot but trashy” style   Millennial fashion is more professional/better quality/structured. Linens, trousers, heels, sandals, etc. Frankly I think it has to do with millennials having more money. Low key hair, nails and makeup. Neutral colours and patterns. It’s a more mature style   I’m 25 so I get to do both 😎 woohoo	labels:It’s certainly a great time to be in your mid 20s rn (well apart from COVID...) 😺	episode_done:True
text:What are your thoughts on windowpane? Genuinely curious	labels:I also don't see it often, but don't have similar biases about it. If it fit well, I would guess that the wearer probably wears enough suiting to own at least three suits, in the way that there's nothing wrong with monk straps, but they aren't usually the first or second pair of dress shoes you buy. (If it didn't fit well, I would guess the wearer didn't know much about suits when they bought it.)	episode_done:True
text:pretty much your entire post history relates to depop. are you affiliated with that website?	labels:I don’t work for the company, I just use the app lol	episode_done:True
text:Men's Health invited me for an interview after my post here	labels:You look great!  I certainly wouldn't mess with you with those arms...  Definitely takes confidence to pull off.  The guys of Celtic Thunder, an Irish singing group, do their finale in a kilt suit and look badass!	episode_done:True
text:WEEKLY DEALZ!	labels:Yumi Kim is offering an additional 50% off sale items with code “SAMPLE50.”	episode_done:True
text:Thanks so much for the suggestions!! I just had a quick look through their website and there’s some pretty stuff on both stores!! I love wildfang’s fun button ups.	labels:Yay! Me too!	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 16, 2021	labels:Any opinions on the Uniqlo +J curved chino trousers?  Had J shaped jeans from H&M years ago that produced such a nice silhouette. But I'm unsure about sizing and the thickness and strech-ability of the fabric.	episode_done:True
text:Nah just wear them as a subtle subversion rather than worrying about if they’re following “the rules” to the letter	labels:	episode_done:True
text:DAE feel they made incredibly ODD fashion purchases, this year in 2020?	labels:I bought a lot of stuff this year, I won't be adding it up because that's always scary.  But everything I bought was bought for "next year me". For when I'm at a new job that involves being in an office all day, travelling through snow and sleet and rain and sunshine 😄 Right now I'm working from home and my outfits are pajamas and slippers.  Also, there was a lot of comfort shopping too, this year has been brutal and painful. If some new boots can make me smile for a week, it's worth it.
text:General Discussion - November 09, 2020	labels:Guy I know who is a Olympic Gold and Silver Medalist and World Record Holder has totally gone off the MLM and QAnon deep end over the last 18 months or so. It's pretty wild.
text:Throwback Thursday: Revisiting our 'Finding A Style and Building A Wardrobe' guide	labels:Consider updating where to go to find used clothes. The guide only mentions ebay but I believe there are definitely some newer sites to add. Others would know better than me, but consider that.
text:You won’t find quality leather jackets at $100, even used, especially not in an unusual color, your best bet is to either hit up thrift shops, buy leather dye and attempt to diy or to just go with whatever you find at the usual fast fashion mall brands	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Thanks so much for getting back to me!  Might be a fun COVID winter project.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge Announcement: Food Inspired!	labels:where kamotejoe at
text:Thoughts then and now?	labels:I know that for me and some people I’ve talked to, the concern is that people might interpret you as vain, flamboyant, or obnoxiously rich. Obviously being rich isn’t a bad thing, but pushing it in people’s faces is.  At my last office when I wore nice heels and cardigans I’d get attitude from other women basically saying they were more evolved or had more important things to do in their lives so they didn’t bother with heels, or implying that I was anti feminist. Some people made comments about my “not understanding challenges, etc”. I’d also get extra attention from men which is great, but not at work. To be clear I’m not even talking about my usual over the top style. I’m talking about office friendly Zara and Uniqlo with the pieces put together in a thought out way. It was a toxic office but, some just are.  A lot of people paint dressing down as something you do for comfort because you’re practical, hardworking, have important things to do, more than your appearance, modern, not shallow, etc so sometimes the criticism is that you’re not those things if you like to dress up and that can be really damaging.  In college I dressed nicely to class for a few semesters. It was a small school and when I had difficulty in a subject, it was heavily implied that I was having trouble because I was too focused on my appearances (I wasn’t. I just was thoughtful in my purchases and find dresses more comfy). Started wearing leggings and jeans and T-shirt’s and was taken more seriously when I said I was working hard.  When I went to the doctor dressed up they wouldn’t take my symptoms as seriously as when I dressed down.  It’s stupid and judgey and goes to show how many people don’t know anything about clothes. (Ie. It takes no effort to dress well if you’re thoughtful in buying them) but it’s a sentiment that exists in some places and it’s challenging to deal with.
text:Teaching Men’s Fashion and Esntls - The Truth and honest review	labels:I can defend one thing about him: he earned my respect when he teamed up with Every Damn Day Fitness, when he received some criticism.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 09, 2020	labels:I don’t think I have the energy to browse through another Supreme thread
text:[Inspiration] Sculptural Jewelry	labels:This is a really cool album. I'm all about that ring in 8 and that ear tree thing in 22!	episode_done:True
text:Dressing larger bodies - without looking sloppy	labels:>and like Grandma's ashamed of her weight gain on fat people.  People wear what they like. Wearing lose clothing does not mean grandma is trying to hide weight gain or is ashamed. It is obviously prescriptive and repressive to say fat people need to hide fat "or wearing "flattering clothes", but if they are wearing some loose maybe they just like it? We do not have to wear body fitting clothing to be OK, or proud with our bodies, sometimes you know you just like the silhouette, the cut, the comfort.  Grandma can wear whatever she wants and she is not necessarily ashamed.	episode_done:True
text:Let's talk about sleepwear-- what are your favorite pjs?	labels:I buy oversized t shirts in the men’s section at TJ Maxx, typically the young male section where they have cute graphics!!! I stick with 100% cotton and try to find shirts that make me happy to look at :) as for pants...no pants! The shirts are practically dresses on me. Though I can recommend the Target Stars Above brand, my mom has some pj bottoms from there and said it’s super soft and comfortable. They have sets too.	episode_done:True
text:I am also curious - if you have the time to use social media can you not use it for this purpose?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:One Can Never Have Enough Socks - Happy Holidays MFA	labels:I want that box of socks from that second picture. Does anyone sell a kit like that?	episode_done:True
text:Thoughts on Shein?	labels:Totally unethical, terrible quality, takes weeks to arrive - I made the mistake of naively ordering some ‘basics’ and literally the straps on the tops are sewn on so close together that they’re impossible to wear - like they run down either side of your neck leaving baggy armpit fabric.   Don’t waste your money.	episode_done:True
text:Lessons from a Year of No New Clothes	labels:Your post really resonated with me. First and foremost, hats off to you, for real. I definitely would not consider a no-buy during 2020 easy, at ALL. Yes maybe on a superficial level it would seem so since we are all just sitting around in onesies watching Netflix, but shopping - especially for new clothes - is an extremely effective way to self-soothe and lord knows we have needed a lot of that in 2020.   I personally broke up with fast fashion in 2019 during my second pregnancy (which really was easy in a way, because I didn’t actually fit into anything so it was difficult to justify purchasing new clothing). I’ve had a few weak moments but have discovered sewing/dressmaking. It is really exciting in its own right because, as you said, I actually have a personal style and a lot of my dream pieces are actually super attainable. It also just feels so good to finally be outside of the hamster wheel of endless trends, sales, promotions, influencers, newsletters, marketing and whatever else have you. Good luck in 2021!	episode_done:True
text:Ummmm, I wouldn't be so sure about that nice list. I believe you've forgotten to accessorize ever day! Unbelievable 🙄  Obvi /s	labels:Oh my god.  I've been humiliating myself every day in the privacy of my own home without even realizing it. WHAT IF THE AMAZON DELIVERY GUY NOTICES THAT I HAVEN'T BEEN WEARING EARRINGS????	episode_done:True
text:>The purpose of the funeral is to pay respect to the deceased  I disagree 100%.  Funerals are for the living, they do nothing for the deceased.  You seem to lay out a lot of guidelines, but honestly, when I die I am expecting and hoping that people just move on with theirs lives and dump my ashes wherever they will be the least amount of trouble.  I have often thought it would be cool to be mixed with potting soil or grass food so my nutrients can help sustain new life.  But please, stop believing that funerals are for paying respects for the deceased, at best they are to help the living say goodbye and gain closure, but in the 18 or so I have attended in my life, they were mostly for people to compare how terrible this is for them in some gigantic, disgusting pissing contest of grief and in general, I consider them a waste of money, more so than a wedding.  I remember the joy my mom gained from my brother's funeral, when it was so expensive for the most basic services that she had to make payments on that funeral for 5 fucking years.  As far as I am concerned, the funeral industry is 100% \* 100% predatory and should have more regulations slapped on it than a Russian drug dealer with a windowless van in an alley.	labels:sorry your mum's bad with money but it's okay for people to want their funeral to be a certain way, and for the living to respect that.
text:Textured Knits	labels:Fantastic. Simple textured sweaters are my go to suggestion for anyone trying to step up their winter wear. Such an easy, approachable look that everyone looks good in.	episode_done:True
text:The RealReal Logs Quarterly Losses of More Than $43 Million	labels:I wouldn’t be terribly surprised TRR goes belly-up eventually, but we’ll see...	episode_done:True
text:What are your favorite sites to read and learn about fashion?	labels:I didn’t even realize Man Repeller shut down! Dang that was out of the blue.	episode_done:True
text:What did people *actually* wear in 2000's?	labels:From 2001-2005, clothing I wore as a high schooler/college kid: low rise bootcut jeans, fitted graphic tshirts, fitted polo shirts, fitted shirts in general (shirts were so tight- maybe that’s why we layered??), always layering shirts- and shirts were super long and over your hips, but tight- never tucking them in, cutoff denim skirts, cotton shorts (like soffees) with words on the butt, necklace with my first initial on it, platform flip flops, dresses with Hawaiian prints (like flowers or surfers etc), hoop earrings, fitted hoodies. That’s what I can remember.
text:I have what I call my "base layer," which is a black shirt (t-shirt or long sleeve, depending on season) and black bottoms (pants or leggings).   Then a colorful sweater or jacket on the top, plus a scarf and gold earrings, and I'm out the door.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Just letting u know Kate spade has a secondary website not sure if this is widely known, it was a surprise to me. It’s called surprise Kate spade and they constantly have massive deals though their outlets are better if you can get to one. I got a leather tote worth about $300 for $60! I don’t remember the exact link but you need to give your email to access it (annoying promotional emails come with that but it’s a price I’m willing to pay).	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Favourite places to get your fall wool fix?	labels:I’ve had fun searching ebay this fall for secondhand nice stuff! I’m broke but love wool and concerned about sustainability. Buying random stuff from Target or Walmart just turns my stomach now. I want stuff that lasts! I’ve found some really nice Eileen Fisher wool sweaters, cardigans, even a merino jersey dress on ebay and EF Renew that are in superb condition and I know will last. I’ve also seen some Pendleton on ebay but haven’t taken the plunge yet...	episode_done:True
text:Shinies From the Past - or, What to do with Gifts from Past Relationships?	labels:My first (meaningful) boyfriend gave me a diamond necklace when i was 18. It was lovely, I wore it constantly, and received many compliments. And then we broke up, as one does with their teen boyfriend, and blah blah blah, after a while I was like, "wtf do I do with this?"  I was *never* going to wear it again and selling it felt a little mercenary.   I ended up giving it as a gift to a girl I babysat/nannied for when she turned 18. It was nice because it was a way for me to give it to someone I cared about and I was able to give her a much nicer gift than I normally would have. And now when I think about that particular piece of jewelry, I don't think about my imploded relationship with my ex, but my relationship that I had with this girl as she grew up.
text:General Discussion - October 20	labels:Just woke up, why does a shoes w/o socks thread have 300 comments?
text:How do you know when something doesn't fit perfectly?	labels:I see it as a part of nature with my frame, there's tolerable not fitting quite right then there's fits so off it either isn't bought or is tailored depending on how much I like it.
text:Which color palette do you hate wearing?	labels:I dislike neon bright colors. I do own a few things for visibility when walking/running but would almost rather be hit by a car.
text:I found a brand new pair at a thrift store for $40 and it is my best find so far	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are your 2021 Fashion / Style Goals?	labels:Live on coffee and tiny squares of cheese until I can fit in my pre-pandemic wardrobe /s
text:Clarks agrees £100m private equity deal	labels:u/Astgon	episode_done:True
text:What have people actually worn to funerals you've been to?	labels:I used to work in a funeral home and can tell you that I've seen it all. There will always be the guy that shows up in jeans and a barely nice t shirt, for some reason. There will always be a woman who shows up wearing a skin tight tiny club dress that barely covers her bum, but I guess she thought it was okay because it was black and also a dress? I've seen people wear sheer black clothing like somehow that's supposed to be a shirt. I've also been to funerals with wacky dress codes: everyone wears Hawaiian shirts or the everyone wears a chosen colour associated with the deceased.   But good rules to stick by: Wear clothes that are darker in colour; black, navy, dark green/purple. White dress shirts are appropriate, but having a jacket to go over it is ideal. If it's the summer and it's hot; boys, skip the jacket, but wear a tie and tuck in the shirt and girls, wear a flowy dress, ideally to the knee, with a light shawl or dress pants and a light blouse.   The purpose of the funeral is to pay respect to the deceased, and you want to keep the focus there. Wearing something too bright, or tight, or short, or casual can distract from what's going on and the importance of the funeral. The goal is essentially to blend in, not stand out, because the funeral isn't about anyone other than the deceased, so the attention goes to them. It's one of the few times that I believe everyone should put aside their own ego and allow the day to be about the deceased.
text:FAQ: What are people's experiences with clothing challenges like trying not to buy clothes for a year/only buying second hand? What are some tips?	labels:Pretty sure I only bought 2 piece of clothing all year and they're both white shirts to wear at home. Since office is lockdown so no going outside allowed and all that	episode_done:True
text:How much was your most expensive fashion item and when or how often do you wear it?	labels:My most expensive items are my Native American Turquoise jewelry and my cowboy boots. Just purchased a huge $900 squash blossom necklace and have worn it constantly. My boots range from $30 for a secondhand pair to $750 for custom made and none are worn more or less than the others.  When my mother passed, she was 88. I went to clean out her closet and drawers and found so many lovely things that were carefully boxed away or wrapped in tissue that she was “saving for good”. Ironically, “good” apparently never came as these things went unused.  I decided right then to never do that. Every day is special and I am worth taking the time to look and feel special even if I’m just out running errands.
text:Ever been censored at work because of what you wear?	labels:Was previously told my trousers had too many buckles. I was a temp. Girl next to me was wearing a black transparent shirt with a white bra underneath. I was told that bc she is fat, she does not distract other employees (read - males) but my buckles did. Fuck that place and that HR lady in particular.
text:Share what are your quick tips to always look polished !	labels:I have a dryer that has a wrinkle away setting... it’s 15 minutes, I throw in a few shirts and voila I’m wrinkle free for the week.   But what keeps me put together is picking out my outfits the night before. I don’t have to think about it when I’m not awake. I pick my outfit down to my socks and undergarments. Now that it’s winter I pick a jacket as well.
text:General Discussion - January 10, 2021	labels:daaaaaa browns	episode_done:True
text:Pros and cons of an a capsule wardrobe?	labels:Disclaimer-- I know myself well enough to know that a capsule wardrobe is not for me.  When I get back from traveling, I cannot wait to wear different clothes.  Consider your laundry situation.  Having a smaller wardrobe means that you will be doing laundry more often.  If you're one in a family of 6, it may not be a big deal.  But for a single apartment dweller (pay per load), the additional costs can add up quickly.   Because I pay per load, I make sure that I maximize the capacity and only wash full loads (I'm paying the same no matter the capacity).  I am not one to hand-wash clothes in a bathroom sink.  Not now, not ever!   I do laundry roughly every other week alternating lights and darks.  (Sheets and towels are their own ballgame, and I will sometimes throw things in with them.)
text:Teach me how to successfully shop secondhand please!! Or just commiserate if it’s hard for you too lol.	labels:The realreal ALWAYS has good stuff. Always. Feels like I’m looking on net a porter/Saks.	episode_done:True
text:Streetwear From Above — Die, Workwear!	labels:> Corporate brands try to appear more authentic by collaborating with niche streetwear labels, and wealthy consumers try to appear more authentic by purchasing those upscale symbols	episode_done:True
text:-glass wall in background  -DAE brooklyn? im in nyc	labels:	episode_done:True
text:NYT: The Very Right-Now Allure of Going to Extremes – Reviews of Rick Owens, Loewe, and Dries' SS21 Presentations	labels:Yes! Let's dress like we're in the future, maybe the social systems with catch up!  I want silver jumpsuits and dramatic space opera looks!	episode_done:True
text:Nice Laundry No Show Socks Are Terrible!	labels:I swear by Chrome socks. Warm in the winter and moisture wicking in the summer	episode_done:True
text:What was the last addition to your wardrobe in 2020 and what was / is going to be the first addition to your wardrobe in 2021?	labels:Last was a truly impractical green velvet blouse, and I'm hoping that my first 2021 addition will be a pair of red corduroy trousers I've had my eye on for ages	episode_done:True
text:If you aren't benching in a tweed sportcoat, are you really benching?	labels:If you aren’t squatting in a bespoke suit, then what has this been all about?	episode_done:True
text:Where do you find inspiration for your Outfits?	labels:I struggle with this, too. I always been a 2pc person. However, the last few times, i inquire with a person (customer) in the vicinity to see what they think & if the price is under $10 i will buy it and try to match it with something.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 04, 2020	labels:What are the differences between a shirt jacket, overshirt, work shirt, and chore jacket? Are they are types of "shirt jacket," is that it? Please give an example.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 22, 2020	labels:Any recs for nice textured wool trousers? Something maybe like herringbone/speckled or tweed, as long as they arent just plain. Less than 200 ideally.	episode_done:True
text:"Which Sports Jacket Office Are You?" – Permanent Style	labels:Good article with some nice outfits. I've always been someone into tailored clothing and classic menswear, and honestly the odd jacket / trousers combination is absolutely the way to go. I own a single full suit, which I love, but generally it's a functional piece to be worn when a level of formality is *required* -- and therefore not as much fun.  Meanwhile, I have lots of different blazers / sports jackets and tailored trousers, and not only are they more fun to style and mix up, they're just that much more versatile that they become my go-to combination for what is basically my every day style. You can play around with the shoes, whether or not you have a tie, or a hat, and all of a sudden you have so many more options!  My suit simply doesn't have the same versatility, to the point that (when social functions were a thing) I probably wore my black-tie dinner suit more often.
text:Can we talk about can we talk about posts?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Discussion - “ Odd “ Fashion Inspirations	labels:Once i get that fancy ass pink and blue argyle jacket howl wears in Howl's Moving castle, it's OVER for the world
text:Men’s clothing	labels:US6 bottoms here & 5’1. I love shopping @ Uniqlo men’s for pants. I find the Men’s M “smart 2-way stretch” fit well and are flattering. I buy them in ankle length	episode_done:True
text:Thank you so much for the encouragement! Yes, I was also quite impressed with her collection of robes and pajamas. The show stylist did a very thorough job when designing this particular look.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Runways have been sending out 2000s vibes. Anyone onboard?	labels:I'm just going to lay it out there: I hate it. I hate the return of the Mean Girls/bitchy rich white girl/fucking velour Juicy tracksuit look. Probably because I started high school in 2001 and it was like the hey day of bland tackiness and Paris Hilton and I'm too close to it, lived it a little too much, to find any novelty in it. SO vapid. I was slightly vapid and a little mean for a while around that time before I came into myself and I don't like the reminders.  What I do like about the looks above though, is that I see the 60s and 90s Spice Girls influences and I can get into that.  Edit: also, on occasion, I wear low rise pants, but I like looking at trends for inspiration and new ideas, not dictating what I can or can't wear. If you like low rise jeans and hipster minis, rock em. If not, fuck em forever, who cares.
text:What are your go-to, everyday shoes?	labels:Sambas	episode_done:True
text:Brands that are actually great that you discovered on Instagram?	labels:Ruggable!  Amazing customer service and cool product.  Edit: (I was fast scrolling and didn’t realize this was in Female fashion advice.  I’m not advising you wear a rug.  I’m such a dork!)
text:i love that you thought of accessories, I'm definitely going to give them a try!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Ugh yes I had the same experience with stitch fix! I took the quizzes every day and made sure I was clear about what was NOT my style and they still sent those pieces anyways. I have been very interested in ThredUp lately, so I will look into it some more. Thank you! ☺️	labels:may the fashion gods bless you
text:Yeah. I’m here more for the inspo than the retail for sure.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 13, 2021	labels:Quick question about Vans she size, maybe someone out there can help. So I usually wear a 10.5 in other vrands, but I bought a pair of Vans authentic a few years back and I was an 11. I'm thinking about grabbing a pair of Vans old skool and was wondering if I should go with an 11 in those as well. Do all vans pretty much run the same size?	episode_done:True
text:Influencers with Jobs: A Brief Collection	labels:Style Apotheca on Youtube is a pharmacist!   I definitely prefer to keep up with influencers who have real jobs for a few reasons.   Firstly, I don’t love when every other post or video is an ad. It makes it difficult to differentiate between actual personal style content and what’s just an ad for a company I’m not interested in shopping at. I don’t like being Sold something every time I watch a style video, and I find you get that less from influencers who get income from day jobs.  Secondly, as you say, there is a bit more realism in what they’re posting. Style doesn’t happen in a void, it has to happen in our daily lives. I don’t wear four-inch heeled boots to work, and I don’t like watching a college-age girl try and make Work Relatable content by making “Work Outfits” with four inch heeled boots. Influencers who have day jobs understand what it is boring office employees like me are looking for in a work outfit 😊 sure, maybe because of their “influencing” work they spend more money buying high-end clothing items that I’m simply never going to justify buying, but I don’t tend to follow people like that for very long.
text:A few better responses this time!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Awesome! If I get another pair it would be the bballs! Gotta save those pennies	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 15, 2020	labels:Shoe the bear Arnie or Clarks Paulson Chelsea boots, which is better? I do live in Canada so there's snow and ice regularly.. it looks like the Clarks have better grip but I'm not sure...	episode_done:True
text:Why It's Important to have a Style POV & Desired Aesthetic	labels:A well-thought out and reasoned article! I think I have some consolidating to do when it comes to my personal style POV. I tend to approach dressing from the perspective of artistic performance, and so I'm drawn to a lot of different aesthetics that don't mix-and-match as well. It depends on my mood. I am envious of your ability to have cohesion across all of the outfits in your article; no matter what style they may be, they all look like you!	episode_done:True
text:I love mustard as a neutral!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Male fashion icons	labels:David Rose from Schitt’s Creek / Dan Levy IRL!	episode_done:True
text:Remote Business Casual	labels:Can you buy a few sweaters to throw on for meetings? I have 3-4 sweaters in my home office. I wear whatever I want (typically t-shirts and pj pants) for most of the day, but throw on one of my sweaters when it's time to hop on a zoom call.
text:How do you decide what clothes you “need”?	labels:I'm going to try and do a clothing no buy in 2021 (I can only replace athletic shoes) so take what I say with a grain of salt.  For me, it is a matter of knowing myself.  The current trends (the boxy, oversized, neutral aesthetic) do not work for my body type (pear).  The other trend that does not work for me is the cropped/ankle pants trend.  I look like a small child who just outgrew their clothes.  I also know what I do not wear (black or khaki pants--- reminds me of retail work uniforms of years past).  When I purchase something, (in my mind) it has to "pay for itself."  Meaning I have to think of at least x times that I will wear the item before I will buy it (special occasions are the rare exception).  X means the dollar amount.  So I have to wear a $30 sweater at least 30 times to make it worthwhile.	episode_done:True
text:Canada Goose Workers Allege Unsafe Working Conditions in Winnipeg Factories. “Before I came to Canada I was in Qatar and then Dubai and it’s the same here in Canada Goose: No humanity.”	labels:Finally I can feel morally superior instead of poor not being able to afford CG.	episode_done:True
text:What if I’m all 3?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Pantone Color(s) of the year for 2021: Illuminating and Ultimate Gray	labels:They picked sweatpants and sunshine, which certainly is a statement about 2021.
text:Best and Worst Purchase of 2020	labels:Worst: A 2020 Planner.   Best: A Dog (Currently fast asleep beside me)
text:Best of Malefashionadvice 2020- Awards thread!	labels:wowow this crazy. big, big thanks for the awards, everyone! i’m glad i spent a couple months away to really appreciate how much i enjoy coming around here   2020 has been an awful year and it helps to have a place to indulge this terrible hobby and my writing habits. i think i have a couple more big posts in me for 2021 (hopefully)  not entirely sure i deserve best dressed because of how inspiring everyone else is here for me, but thanks anyway!! i’ve been wearing costco shorts and uniqlo tees for the past three weeks
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 26	labels:What’s a quality white V neck t-shirt? I’m not talking undershirt, like an actual plain white T to wear out? The more affordable, the better. I have a j crew one and it’s alright, would like something with a little more texture or weight	episode_done:True
text:Fall Fit Battle - Elite 8 - Voting	labels:thecomebackkid vs Chunsak	episode_done:True
text:# Crossbody Bags	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Where do you get good quality, legit wool sweaters that won't rip/shrink after washing?	labels:Check out soak detergent for handwashing sweaters. But personally I like Lord and Taylor cashmere. At the end of the season it goes in deep sale. Also easy to find secondhand.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 14, 2021	labels:Someone on reddit told me don't wear black pants black shoes b/c will look like someone working at target. I thought to myself "ok, then grey pants" but then my pea coat is grey. Won't it look a bit weird to have grey on top and bottom (like a failed attempt at a suit)?   &#x200B;  What would you recommend?
text:YES YES YES YES YES YES YES	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Do you think that designer brands will no longer be as sought after in the future?	labels:Designer Brands can be more important in certain subcultures. I don’t see them going anywhere.	episode_done:True
text:+J/UNIQLO SPECIAL COLLABORATION: What’s the verdict?	labels:I got the silk turtleneck is grey and black. I never see turtlenecks made of 100% silk so it intrigued me. The material is very thin as expected with silk so I skipped the white one. The standout of the silk knits would be the grey. The grey has a nice sheen to it and looks so luxe compared to a regular cotton turtleneck. They are so soft and warm and I can see myself wearing them for many years. I also got the double breasted wool coat in black. I had no intention of buying this but decided to try it on. I am a short gyal and this coat fit me so well I snatched it up right away. I was in the market for a new coat but was thinking of buying an Aritzia one but this one fit me much better. The thing I noticed with this coat is that the arms are cut in a way that it curves with the way that your arms fall on your body. It also has two inside pockets. I’m very impressed! I also tried the cashmere coats but I didn’t like those as much as I wanted something with a little more weight and more structured.
text:Thank all of you	labels:So a number of people are telling you not to buy a bunch of AE shoes because they are “entry-level” and that you may eventually want to move up in price. This is true, but consider that anyone saying this has become a hobbyist who appreciates and collects high-end footwear, and therefore retroactively views AE as a gateway drug that led them to discover a new hobby. This implies a linear progression from spending $350 on shoes — an amount 98% of men would find insane — to eventually spending $1000+ on shoes, which is completely bonkers to all but a very small number of people.  Definitely wait a bit and avoid buying a dozen pairs of AEs too quickly. But also consider that if AE makes you happy and your goal is to amass a rotation of multiple good-quality shoes in different styles and colors, it’a perfectly acceptable to avoid leveling up. You don’t *have* to keep buying progressively more expensive stuff, and can instead enjoy what’s in a price tier you’re comfortable with.
text:What did your mom teach you about fashion/style - and what did she not teach you?	labels:If I picture my mom's typical winter outfit it was a sweater with snakes wearing sombreros and margaritas embroidered on it, a burgundy "sweater jacket" with fringe, and a pink/orange/green bucket purse.*  So I guess she taught me "fuck it, wear what you want", but it did take me a while to adopt that attitude.   *tbf, this was a look for moms in the 90s
text:An Essay on the Navy Blazer with Brass Buttons	labels:I think the brass buttons are fine when they are functional. It puts me off when the buttons are sewn in places that look like they might serve a function but are actually purely decorative. I have a full length wool military topcoat with big buttons and each button is functional even if I never use them. It can be buttoned up with 6 buttons but I usually only use 2 even in the coldest weather. I even added a couple buttons in order to button down the corners of the lapels. The quarter belt in the back has the same big buttons. I frequently get compliments on my coat as I've customized it quite a bit.	episode_done:True
text:I recently bought a very fine-gauge cashmere sweater that was advertised as “in excellent condition”, but when I received it, it had a tiny hole. It was only $10, so I bought a skein of close-enough wool tapestry yarn, separated the yarn into very thin, small strands, and “sewed“ the hole up with an embroidery needle. I'm planning on dyeing the entire sweater black with acid dye, to disguise the slightly-different color of the repair, but it's not very noticeable as is.   I'm not a knitter, so I don't have experience with darning or mending (other than needle-felting tiny tiny holes in already-felted wool). I've had one cashmere sweater for ages, and when it developed holes from constant wear (it wasn’t the best quality) I was able to felt them with matching wool roving.  However, if you know how to Swiss darn (duplicate stitch) you can fix really large holes, provided that you have the right color thread or yarn. If you find a sweater that you absolutely love but it has holes, you can also drop it off or mail it to a repair service to be fixed (but it is pricey).	labels:	episode_done:True
text:We Love the Brown Checked Sportcoat - The Style and Direction Podcast	labels:I like brown jackets, but a brown checked sport coat just feels like the ultimate "old man" piece of clothing to me, I don't know. All earth tone checked coats even, I can't get over the association. It's probably just in my head but I immediately picture a 60 year old man wearing one two sizes two big over a pair of similarly ill fitting corduroy pants.
text:Let's talk the impact of fragrance on perception of style! How much does a person's fragrance affect your impression of them? Do you choose perfume with this in mind? What are some of your favourites?	labels:Chanel Mademoiselle.	episode_done:True
text:This!!!!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Hand wash only clothes	labels:So far I've done pretty well just putting my things in mesh laundry bags and washing them on the delicate cycle in the machine, then air drying them.  That being said, we have a machine that was chosen specifically because it had a very good delicate cycle, and most of my pieces weren't terribly expensive to begin with. The tag may say hand wash only, but I'm not too worried about polyester.  For things I really really love and for my bras, I do actually hand wash them, and I'd probably do the same if I were to make a really expensive purchase or if I were handling an extra delicate fabric.	episode_done:True
text:Endclothing unanswered Customer Support	labels:I have Emailed them twice asking for a return label, for a very bad pair, 7 days ago and two Emails and still have no response. Going to have to contact my credit card company. There automated response confirms they got my Email. Yet they don't respond to it.
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Your Favorite Boots!	labels:No love for Timberland?	episode_done:True
text:w2c cool cheap western stuff that isn’t wrangler/lee/levis pls help	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Exactly!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Buy Sell Thread - November 30, 2020	labels:Any interest in a MTM Turnbull & Asser shirt? I will measure and post pictures if so but willing to sell it for <$75. Just wasn't sure if people would be thrown off by lack of OTR sizing even if there are measurements. It's a very nice shirt but unfortunately does not fit me	episode_done:True
text:How do you shop at TJ Maxx/Marshall’s?	labels:Short of getting a bit of insider info, I think the only way to really have success at those stores is to browse them at least once a week (probably twice).  My aunt tends to go every other day and finds some amazing stuff…because she goes *every other day*.  She says it doesn’t take her long because she’s so familiar with their stock, but it still seems exhausting to me.  (As opposed to spending three hours scrolling through Poshmark in bed every night…)
text:What a crock of shit. Fuck car rental companies.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Throwback Thursday: Revisiting our 'Finding A Style and Building A Wardrobe' guide	labels:So instead of Pinterest, I would recommend looking at Instagram. Overall, it doesn't feel like it needs a huge refresher.	episode_done:True
text:Having a Tough Time Finding Retailers for My Style	labels:So, look, I don't want to tell you _not_ to do this, but if I've understood correctly you're looking at creating a bloodborne-inspired victorian/traditional wardrobe. There are elements of that style that have mainstream appeal today, high-waisted wool trousers being one example. However, when you take them in context with the more "interesting" elements you picked out it gives off serious cosplay vibes. Perhaps you should take the fact that the only places offering this sort of clothing are Etsy/cosplay stores as a hint that you should reconsider this idea.  You might be thinking, _what about the cyber goth vampire Rick Owens fits I see on this sub?_ It's a valid question. The key difference is that the style you're going for here has _such_ a strong association with cosplay and videogames and so little mainstream appeal that the number one association people are going to make is that you are cosplaying. Doubly-so if you're wearing cosplay-quality clothes from cosplay vendors. While the Rick Owens aesthetic may not have mainstream appeal it _is_ very accepted within fashion circles and _doesn't_ have that strong cosplay association.  So with that said my advice is to take what you've got and tone it down. Treat it like a high-fashion runway show and take inspiration from it instead of trying to recreate it 1:1. High-waisted trousers, great. Gaiters? Maybe just get some actual boots. Bloodborne-style woolen collars/scarves/hooded shawls? Wear a regular scarf that has an interesting shape or texture, or a shirt with a more exaggerated collar. Maybe the fact that you can't find retailers selling this kind of stuff is the limitation you need to make it work in the real world.  Or maybe I'm just talking complete shite and someone smarter than me can help you more. I hope that I've at least broken the ice and said what needed to be said so that people can try to constructively help you.
text:Not while I'm alive to wear 'em!   And honestly, when I bother looking, I still keep seeing women in skinny jeans more than anything else. I don't remotely buy the "they're so out" line. Somebody did say on a different thread that skinny jeans are now the uncool "mom jeans" of our generation, so the younger generation are into looser cuts, and that makes total sense to me from a generational standpoint.   But me, I'll be right over here wearing my skinny jeans for a long time yet. :)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Nice work! I hopped online last week (maybe Wednesday or Thursday) and found almost everything sold out. Unfortunately I didn’t have time to make it to a store over the weekend. I suspect I’m out of luck. My online haul included shirts and the dress and some sweaters but I suspect the best stuff, the outerwear, is what I really missed out on.	labels:i checked the website at 9:30 the day of the release and most things in size xs-m were already sold out in the more desirable colors (black/white). before the announcement email even went out!!  i think i just got lucky because i checked on a whim after logging in for work.   only some stores were carrying the line irl. if you live near a flagship they might still have some things!	episode_done:True
text:Spring/Summer trends: Dresses	labels:Good bye cold shoulder, hello cold torso!
text:WEEKLY DEALZ	labels:I am still reeling from the Nordstrom rack sales on Everlane items. They are so good. The sneakers are really good quality for 19 bucks, and I do see sizes come back, if you check daily. I bought a pair for myself and a pair for my friend.  I also bought a few clothing items that is taking forever to ship though. I might cancel some of them and wait out the rest. I mean, 30ish bucks for dresses/jumpsuits and 40s for cashmere is a pretty good deal, and it's not like Everlane's style is gonna change much. They sell the same shit year in and year out.
text:NYT: Jil Sander is back, with a new Uniqlo collaboration and a lot of opinions.	labels:Man, that stuff went QUICK. I was really hoping to snag some Christmas gifts for my partner - she loved that Merino turtleneck dress and the silk-infused shirts; both are gone. But I did get her the Cashmere turtleneck, which she should enjoy.  I was able to get the supima longsleeve tees for myself; which is great since it seems that Uniqlo has discontinued those from their usual lineup. But I really, really wanted that zip-up sweater; I had a whole look planned to go along with it.	episode_done:True
text:What are your tips for dressing a big chest!	labels:As someone in a similar position, I avoid collars that are super high necked or super low. When I worked as a host and had to wear a lot of blouses I wore ones that were a size or two up (mostly to avoid button holes popping open) that could be styled in a French tuck with a tighter jean or pant. Similarly I’ll pair a tighter legging with a loose sweater or sweatshirt, so it’s not entirely frumpy but I’m not wearing something super tight across my chest. Lately I’ve been enjoying layering a nicer fitting cardigan or flannel over a half turtleneck, which doesn’t feel as oversized but the layering also takes some of the focus away from my breasts. When I don’t want to wear a tight pant I’ll wear high waisted sweats or joggers with a looser crop top, so even though it’s all loose comfy clothing it doesn’t feel as frumpy. For dresses I favor ones that are just a little loose but also come in around my waist, so there’s a bit of an hourglass shape to help seem proportional, but again it isn’t super tight.	episode_done:True
text:What's your fashion tragedy?	labels:I spent like two months investing in a bunch of nice wool sweaters that I could wear through the winter, put them in a separate laundry bin after wearing so I could launder them myself, but my ex washed and dried them on high heat and they all shrunk so badly that I couldn't even fit them on my dog. About $1500 gone.
text:How do you wear square scarves?	labels:I love logandria on Instagram. She designs her own square silk scarves, and has lots of saved stories and photos that show you different ways to tie them! It's a great place to look for inspiration.	episode_done:True
text:Favorite designer if price we’re not a factor?	labels:Simone Rocha or Molly Goddard or Cecilie Bahnsen. I must have been a princess in a past life because I wanna live in expensive frilly dresses forever.	episode_done:True
text:Not sure if this has been done already, but I'd love to hear your POC-run Etsy store recommendations!	labels:Thank you for doing this! Mahota for home, accessories & clothes & NativeCoStore for jewelry.	episode_done:True
text:denim will literally never go out of fashion. screencap this and prove me wrong in 2080 idgaf	labels:Okay, maybe a better question for me to ask would be: what's good with jeans right now?  I can't stomach any more skin-tight denim.
text:Is Yesstyle a good website to buy clothes from	labels:99% of the clothes are based in asia. The clothes are very low quality and run small. If you do choose to buy I'd suggest 1-3 sizes bigger than yourself.   I've bought from them before and while I like the styles, I'm pretty bad at not destroying things so buy at your own risk.  Quality on par with Forever 21 which also manufactures based out of asia.	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Expressing Your True Self	labels:I would wear my favorite coffee mug as a hat, get a t-shirt with some of my most used nerdy jokes, tuck it into some mom jeans which I cuff because I AM BISEXUAL AND I CANNOT NOT DO THIS, and finish it off with kinky heels because everybody shall know what I do in the bedroom.	episode_done:True
text:Fresh eggs are the best.  I always look forward to them when I visit my sister on her property.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Return of the Coats: MFA Coat Series #5	labels:Man, all these fits look fantastic. I’ve been looking at some overcoats for a while and I think this is the sign that I need to get one	episode_done:True
text:Guidi Leather Tannery Family History, Interview	labels:when will r se a vil cut a pair open? i’d love to hear his dumbass take on guidi  i actually didn’t realize it was a family name and family owned this whole time  also 792v will always be on my list but i will never find the energy to purchase them even if i have the money
text:I wouldn’t necessarily say reasonably priced either when Gitman and stuff exist in the same price range and I don’t have to take a chance at buying an Instagram dropshipper brand haha   Edit: For shirts anyway.	labels:Well, you’re right that it’s not cheap either but we’re more into the territory of RRL alternative than Instagram dropshipper. There are a lot of things wrong with LA but it doesn’t appear to be a drop shipping site. They’re a lot like Bronson MFG, only Bronson doesn’t steal contemporary designs.
text:As Customers Move Online, So Does the Holiday Shopping Season	labels:Does anyone know/have sources on how online shopping compares to in-person shopping in terms of environmental impact?	episode_done:True
text:when its -40 people are concerned with survival not fashion!	labels:Yup. Everyone has their hoods up, heads down and they trudge along as fast as possible.	episode_done:True
text:But it is a great way to signal that you have no personal style.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 15, 2021	labels:Not sure if i told you guys yet, but as of Jan 4, I have a new job! Outside of my podcast and blog, I don't work in the menswear industry anymore; now I work in gaming/entertainment in accounts.  Kinda wild but definitely much more financially secure (or on the path to it) especially since I had no desire to start my own brand/store or become a freelance writer.
text:what pieces/brands did you buy when moving from a warmer climate to a cooler climate? what did you end up regretting/not using?	labels:You’ll want a coat that reaches at least mid thigh. Butts get cold real quick when your jacket stops at your belt.
text:Kibbe System and Body Inclusivity	labels:I have negative associations with it because 99% of the time "red pill women" (or other women with deep issues) are the ones saying good things about it.  When I hear "Kibbe" I immediately think "red pill".
text:2020 Fall Fit Battle - Superlative	labels:Biggest robbery	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 09, 2020	labels:Got an interview to be a paralegal assistant tomorrow morning eep
text:What’s your everyday purse?	labels:Mine’s a simple crossbody Kate Spade purse. It’s big enough for my wallet, keys, phone, hand sanitizer, spare mask, and sunglasses, but small enough so I’m not lugging around extra junk I don’t need. It’s perfect for my needs!
text:What ultimate-splurge fashion item would you buy to reward yourself for achieving a big milestone?	labels:Probably a Cartier Tank or Panthere watch.  I love the little Fossil watch that my husband bought me four years ago; but something about it is getting wonky, like it'll stop and start randomly and the second hand has fallen off twice.  It might be time to invest in a "forever watch" in the near future.     Edit:  The ultimate spurge would be a Chanel classic flap for my mom.  When I was in law school (and pretty broke), I gave my mom two Chanel lipsticks for Christmas and wrote in the card:  one day, this will be a bag.
text:Moncler close to goal of being fully carbon neutral by 2021	labels:Very promising. Reminds me of Zara's quarterly report mentioning early on how carbon neutral many locations were, but then deep in the report's fine print went on to renege their carbon reduction promise by excluding many wasteful practices from their consideration. Seems like Moncler aims to *actually* reduce their footprint. Eager to see others follow	episode_done:True
text:I told my gf that I sometimes need to take “fit pics” for dudes on the internet to watch how I dress up like some kind of cocaine cowboy.	labels:That is an interesting conversation, I recently had it too.	episode_done:True
text:[First Impressions] Carmina horsebit loafers in white leather	labels:They look like the pair Eddie gave to Clark in the first Vacation movie.	episode_done:True
text:What Are Your Regional Fashion Stereotypes?	labels:Columbus, Oh - I'd believe it if you told me that everyone under 25 bought all their clothes at abercrombie and everybody over 25 bought their clothes at JC Penny
text:Yesss, I just broke the strap on my house dress. Sends recs	labels:No specific links but old navy always has them as well as target and Walmart and Costco.  Just make sure it’s not 100% cotton or 100% polyester blend. So look for something with both so it’s easy wash and no shrink but still feels super comfy.	episode_done:True
text:Lol, well put. They just look cheap.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Seconding bralettes. I've worn them exclusively for several years. I'll never go back.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What socks do you guys wear? and some advice on socks please?	labels:Darn Tough
text:The second one is actually a blanket from their Moncler collab! The first, the Extreme Kunst jacket with the Kansas Yamamoto embrodiery, is unfortunately likely to remain a one of a kind piece (or close to it) due to coronavirus :(	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 15, 2020	labels:thoughts on the olive fjallraven singi parka? I have 500 dollars worth of gift cards on amazon and can buy the coat there. If I was able to get a canada goose on amazon, I would do that and spend the remaining out of pocket.	episode_done:True
text:I bought these very popular aritzia melina leather pants..an inspo album and fit pictures	labels:Sooooo cute. I love Aritzia.	episode_done:True
text:Has anyone else ever tried on a designer item just to see what the hype is about?	labels:I notice a huge difference when I rent designer dresses from rent the runway (not the dresses that retail $400 and are "designer"... I'm talking the $4k dresses). The construction is impeccable, fabrics amazing, and amazingly flattering. The high end pieces make me look amazing :)	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 30, 2020	labels:Looking for suggestions!  I’ve had the hardest time with jeans my whole life, 6’2”, 180lbs. I’ve found Volcom Volta Slim jeans to be the best I’ve found. What are others that you have found that would be along the same line? I’m really seeking out some pastel colors and tan! The	episode_done:True
text:Topman is now a part of ASOS	labels:Gf and i talked about this earlier today. She was dissappointed since topman/topshop was of higher quality and asos is going to gobble up the brand and we'll probably get shittier quality soonish. Rather disappointing.	episode_done:True
text:Distinct Fashion Phases	labels:Oh no. Until I was 24 I either wore jeans + sweatshirt or full business formal and nothing in between. I had like 6 JCrew pantsuits when I was 14 because I did extracurriculars like mock trial and speech. I sold or donated my suit separates, because I don’t work in an environment where most of them would be suitable (I used to be an accountant, now I’m a sommelier). I’ve never been consistent in wearing makeup but I stopped tweezing my eyebrows.   I have one pair of jeans now, since I prefer wilder colors and styles (I have a lot of very funky flare pants now). I guess it’s on-trend now but I don’t like it because it’s on trend. I have one scarf I bought when I was 16 that I am wearing right now and will wear for the rest of my life, and a ring I bought when I was 12, but I haven’t had any clothes for longer than 2 years.	episode_done:True
text:How do you tell when discounted items were never full price?	labels:I don’t have any great suggestions but it seems like this is a problem technology could solve for us (ala CamelCamelCamel) but for some reason it hasn’t?!? I have zero technical knowledge on this, but suspect retailers must be actively doing something to prevent consumers from tracking prices (beyond, like, manually tracking one product at a time by checking the website every day) so that they can run these fake 20% off sales. It’s slimy. If anyone knows of any way around this, sign me up!	episode_done:True
text:My demotivation sweatpants were a bargain, thank you very much. 😂	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Revisiting Tim Gunn's List of 10 Style Must-haves	labels:*  little black dress     * I think any solid color dress for semi-formal occasions that can be dressed down to casual or dressed up to business casual are good to keep on hand for emergencies when you don't have time to find anything in particular for an event if you don't typically have events to go to. Patterns can make a dress over casual and sometimes date it, and black can wash a lot of people out. I have a jeweltone purple dress than compliments my red hair and it's my staple dress.  * trench coat    * Have one, love one, makes me feel put together in the fall and spring when I'm wearing my lovely frumpy sweaters and my only pair of waterproof boots.  * classic dress pants    * Personally, no - my office is more good jeans with a top than dress pants, and there's no scenario outside my office in which I'd wear a pair.  * versatile skirt    * I have a black circle skirt and a black mini skirt that goes with all of my sweaters and all of my tank tops. When you want to feel dressy but not too dressy, it's a good go-to, otherwise replace with dress pants if that's your vibe.  * fitted blazer    * I never remember that I own one, but wouldn't invest unless you're a blazer person or you meet clients in a professional setting.  * classic white shirt    * For the longest time, I didn't think these were necessary, but they so are. I have a plain white tee, a ruffled sleeve tee, and a white button up shirt because in a pinch I can wear them with everything.  * day dress    * No? replace with anything that's throw on comfort but looks chic with a good pair of shoes. Feel like nowadays it's more romper, jumpsuit, etc than just a standard wrap dress.  * cashmere sweater    * Literally cannot think of when I'd want a cashmere sweater, the care for these is annoying.  * well fitting jeans    * A game changer * sweatsuit alternative    * fight me in my joggers * a wildcard item    * I don't drop cash on things that go out of style as a temporary trend.	episode_done:True
text:I am not opposed. But the cost isn’t really an issue either. I just never got the point of expensive shoes before. I tried on expensive ones and they hurt just as much as the cheap ones. So why bother... I feel like a whole new world just opened up.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Fast Fashion: What are your wardrobe all-stars?	labels:I have an old pair of jeans from target, probably 8 years old and one of those lines they don’t make anymore. I don’t understand how this is the only pair of pants that has consistently fit me this whole time which includes a 25lb fluctuation, they’re like the goddamn sisterhood of the traveling pants jeans	episode_done:True
text:Do you follow the conventional rules around "flattering your figure?"	labels:I've written about this before, but as someone who is 5'2 on a good day, I have stopped giving a shit about looking "longer and leaner."  In fact, I reject the idea that I should want to look taller. Maybe all those 5'7 women should be taking advice on how to make their legs look as stubby as mine. <--Obviously a joke but to make a point. How stupid is it that I should feel like my natural body is something to correct?  I'm an old woman, lol, and over the course of my life I have never found that my stubby legs (that I was once self-conscious about) have kept me from career advancement or from finding people who thought I was beautiful and wanted to have sex with me, so what's the freaking problem?  Fuck conventional figure flattery.  That being said, of course there are things I think look better on me than other things and I tend to wear the things I think look better in ways I think look better most of the time.  Except when the comfort or beauty of a garment is so outstanding it overrules that.  Thanks for coming to my TED talk.  There are cookies on the table in the back.
text:Kibbe System and Body Inclusivity	labels:Honestly, I ran through it because I like taking quizzes, but I wasn't impressed. I got an even split of C, D, and E answers with 2 B answers, which wasn't one of the options for the results. I looked over a couple of the closest ones and they didn't seem to fit me at all, so I dunno. Either I'm bad at judging myself or this quiz is a bunch of baloney...	episode_done:True
text:[Inspo & Commentary] Rings	labels:I personally love my Gucci ghost ring. For a designer ring it’s actually fairly priced at around $250.
text:Show me your fall boots!	labels:I just bought some Rothy's Chelsea Boots in the orange-y color and I LOVE them. I think it's a little bit of a stretch calling them boots but either way, I see them being a constant this fall.	episode_done:True
text:Thinking about this hurts my head	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Quick tips to look UN-polished?	labels:The key is actually just learning how to create FABULOUS casual outfits rather than tryin to dull down a dressy outfit. Instead of starting from a place of Dressiness, start with Casual then work on making it the NICEST version of casual possible.    I like to wear jeans and loafers and then some gold earrings, a small scarf, a blazer and maybe a necklace. Where I live even that can be too fancy. So if I see its over the top, I just whip off the scarf and blazer, wipe the lipstick off a little and then I'm looking really cute casual in a t-shirt and jeans.     Overly styled hair and makeup is one thing I notice older women do that "ruins" a casual outfit. The hair is often too stiff and done and the makeup too "nice". So I think having a really pretty, casual go-to hair and makeup routine is important.	episode_done:True
text:Top of WAYWT - November 2020	labels:I don’t understand the whole thing with pants that are way too short.
text:henlo i dislike your fit because i do not believe i could change a tire in it, which i do frequently because i am a male and this is MALE fashion advice, so we all must hit our quota of 1 daily tire change  are you not hitting your tire change quota, cowboy friend?	labels:In my job I get regularly run over by Soviet battle tanks and I just don't think I could wear any of these clothes for that.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 20	labels:Just woke up, why does a shoes w/o socks thread have 300 comments?
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 07, 2021	labels:Hello there I am new here in this subreddit 😅  Anyways I have been eye-ing for a shoe that I have been interested for a while now, that particular shoe are the "Nike Cortez Leather" (Red And Blue Varsity) which I very have grown accustomed to. I have researched this shoe and even watch certain reviews for it that I conclude that I want to buy it.  However in my case getting this variant of this shoe and to my proper size has been quite a challenge for me. It's availability is quite rare in my Country (SEA) and all the shoes that I have found are either fake knockoffs and well soldout ads for other shoe websites.  Recently within my dedication to get this shoe, I thought of just buying the "Basic" Variant of the Cortez, and dissapointment follows as I picked the wrong size for my shoe (in my haste to buy the shoe) I measured my foot and it is exactly 26cm and and alongside with the confusion for the knowledge of the older shoe that I bought which is US 12 and EU 44 "World Balance Freeman" it confused me and well....... I bought a Large Shoe 😂 (specifically I bought the size 12 Basic Cortez). Although I placed an exchange size for an US 11, I might be in a pickle since it will still be big for me lol.  Now anyways to finally ask my question, If by somehow the exchange US 11 were still too big for me, Can I wear a WOMANS "Nike Cortez Leather" instead???? For that I will also need advice for the sizing and basically an expert knowledge in this situation. In my case all that is available for this shoe are for Womans Shoe, and within my research I read that Nike Shoes are Unisexual (but for now I need an Experts Advice on this matter) really in a pickle, so pls help ma dudes.	episode_done:True
text:Married dad-of-three wears skirts and heels to work ‘because he can’	labels:I mean good for him he's got the legs for it, but I almost wish this wasn't so newsworthy. Tons of people do this every day and it feels like the way this article was written still inappropriately enforces a gender binary.  > This very straight and married father man who is an engineer and loves cars totally breaks the rules by wearing clothes made for women and nobody else  Rather we could say  > Person puts on clothes that fit them, looks good  But that isn't such a gripping headline
text:Do you have example of brands that are for you a staple? I'm from Canada, it might not be available but who knows !	labels:It depends what I'm looking for but Organic Basics for underwear, Linen Fox for main wardrobe pieces (their style is exactly what I enjoy wearing), People Tree and Thought Clothing although they're a different to my style they do have some good basic wardrobe pieces.	episode_done:True
text:Google a work around or pay for the subscription. Writers deserve to get paid for their work.  For the record, I didn't run into a paywall.	labels:I would agree if it were the writers benefiting from paywalls. The writers are on an annual salary.
text:ModCloth Returns to “Independent” Ownership	labels:Unfortunately a buyout by a financial firm usually means sucking as many resources from the company as possible before bankrupting or shutting it down.
text:I can't afford the extra fabric.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How to avoid looking older with your clothing??	labels:Dark academia actually has a lot of youthful styles from it's boarding school influences. You'll see a lot of school uniform looks, plaid skirts, blazers, jumpers, mary janes, blouses and pinafores. You can get inspiration from children and teens in movies set in the early 1900's.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 14, 2021	labels:I was using the bathroom and Two guys were having a full on conversation. They went into the disabled stall together and continued the conversation while one of the guys took a shit. What the fuck.
text:why don’t i have a free award when i need it?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Brands that no longer live up to their name or quality	labels:kind of all of them? It seems like you have to pay pretty steep prices now to get the quality of clothes that mid-price mall brands had in the 1990s and early 2000s. It seems that most stores have switched to a model of selling poor quality pieces at huge markups with the expectation that they will sell most of the stock at clearance prices. The GAP used to have quality staples, and J Crew was "fancy." Now GAP is really the same quality as Old Navy, and don't know what J Crew is anymore. The quality has certainly dropped, but I also don't get what is up with the designs since you can't even get a reasonable women's suit there these days. Madewell is not made well. Anthropologie used to sell unique pieces with really good construction, now it's roughly the same as other fast fashion, though I do appreciate that they added petite and plus sizing and carry some high end brands too. Levi's main line is terrible now, and to get the heritage quality, you need to get the Made and Crafted line, which is really expensive!  I mostly shop secondhand because I can't afford the stuff I like. When buying new, I try to wait for sales and avoid buying anything "final sale" or with complicated returns unless I know it will work. Clothes that I used to get at Anthropologie, I now get from Sezane, Ulla Johnson, Doen, and Samantha Pleet. I started buying vintage jeans over Madewell/Levi's or expensive craft brands—my 1980s Chic and Gitano jeans were probably sold at K-Mart/Target but are better quality than anything I have gotten from Madewell. I don't wear jeans/denim enough to justify craft denim prices. Patagonia is still very high quality technical wear; I just scope out the Tyler sport outlet and secondhand for deals. Shoes are hard because I don't like to get them secondhand. I switched from Adidas to Veja and Diemme for sneakers (you can find Diemme shoes for huge markdowns on Yoox during the winter and summer sales—I don't think they are worth retail price).
text:> sequel  That's one.   Yeah it's weird. One of those "always read it but hardly speak it out loud" acronym type things.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Male fashion icons	labels:Indiana Jones basically. I also enjoy the fashion in Dead Poets Society.	episode_done:True
text:The Business of Markups on Logo T-Shirts. Why You Shouldn't Drop $600 on a Gucci Tee	labels:That’s why fakes exist lmao	episode_done:True
text:1 Year - A Kmn6784 2020 Wardrobe Album	labels:Thank you so much for this post. Very great idea, might steal your format in future posts!	episode_done:True
text:Thanks...So true!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Did heels go out of style? I wear them almost exclusively, I really had no idea they were a fading look.	labels:I feel like heels are always a staple/never really out, like boots.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 27, 2020	labels:Why is no one posting in the theme thread
text:Where do you get good quality, legit wool sweaters that won't rip/shrink after washing?	labels:My woolllies are Benetton's. Most of them came from Italy and they are 100% wool, sometimes mixed (a bit of cashmere, angora). I have a couple from NZ - these are 100% merino and not Benetton's. I also have a few handamde so they don't count here.  They are old, though - or vintage.  Apart from my Kiwi jumpers, as said here alteady, which can be machine washed (but in cold water, delicate cycle and inside a mesh bag), you cannot wash them in the washing machine. They may not rip if inside a laundry bag, but they will certainly felt. Somebody told me the spin cycle is what destroys them, but my machine spins while rinsing as well, so it's a no-no anyway.   Using Woolite is enough to make them last for many years. Good quality wool jumpers will last a very long time if well cared for.  Having said that, I must confess I absolutely loathe washing anything by hand. So my woollies don't get worn a lot anymore....  They are > 10 yrs old btw  Good luck!!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - February 15, 2021	labels:Just curious, are there any female fashion designers of mens' fashion? I've wondered about what women might have dreamt up for men to wear.
text:DIY. Carry-on/weekender leather duffle bag	labels:Looks amazing!	episode_done:True
text:Wow that just made me think like actually. Just sat silently for a minute there. I’ve kind of always been a serial outfit repeater my whole life and it’s always been pointed out to me, and now that i have no one looking at me to point it out, I feel that bore. Super weird to think about but so interesting! It’s like I internalized it all those years. Thanks for pointing this out!	labels:Think of it this way.... some of the most powerful people in the world subscribe to a “uniform” so you are in good company. You have invested in good, tailored pieces. Wear them knowing they fit you well. You aren’t the person who has multiple outfits that don’t suit your body and or look sloppy.	episode_done:True
text:Honestly the play is to go with something actually basic like henleys. Apparently if you’re not a perfect specimen of a human you can’t wear them or something.  Polos are also a good choice.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I’m genuinely not trying to be confrontational but everything on Aero’s site looks even more old man-ish than schott	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What’s going to be the next shoe of the year	labels:heelys
text:DIY. Carry-on/weekender leather duffle bag	labels:Looks amazing!	episode_done:True
text:List of a couple of inspo albums	labels:Thanks a lot, Santa came late this year.	episode_done:True
text:I had to look up Viper.  It looks like you're good if you stay under 1500 albums.  Get to work on the next one.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 29, 2020	labels:Is the Depop app janky for anyone else? Whenever I click on something it disappears after a second and I can’t interact with it fast enough. It’s up to date, wondering if anyone else has this issue.
text:How have you been doing your shopping since Covid?	labels:I generally hate shopping online, but I have been. If possible, I'll order 2 sizes for items and return what doesn't fit. Ideally I like to return in store, but I have found a lot of the stores near me have closed this year so that is a more annoying option.  I also hate that so few brands include shipping labels, I do not have printer so that means I need to go to Fedex to print, and then drop off at UPS or postoffice. It is annoying (printing at UPS is too expensive).
text:2020 Fall Fit Battle Conclusion and Discussion	labels:I agree so strongly y with the best fit and biggest robbery categories.  That one bond fit is transcendentally well accessorised and the dela Joel is so much risk and so much reward.	episode_done:True
text:If you could describe your style in 3 words, what would it be?	labels:Tomboy college professor	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 29, 2020	labels:Finally saw the first two *Indiana Jones* movies for the first time, and I'm kinda bummed they passed the helm on to Shia LaBeouf's character when Short Round was already there. I would have loved to see an East Asian play the male lead in something other than a martial arts flick.
text:Shitpost Saturday: Grandma's Gift	labels:>Unless this actually happened to you this year, in which case lol @ you.  srs lol @ me! my well-meaning elderly in-laws got me one of those "sassy" tee shirts with words on them. it's several sizes too big. i will probably keep it to sleep in but it cracked me up because i don't really wear shirts with words on them (or tee shirts in general, really) and my personality is so far removed from the words on the shirt 😂😂
text:What socks do you guys wear? and some advice on socks please?	labels:Stance socks are awesome but expensive.	episode_done:True
text:I see them all the time and they’re so tempting!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday- Call for Submission	labels:Let your kid/younger family member dress you/let your SO dress you/let your mom/dad/other older family member dress you. Basically whoever you think would pick the worst outfit	episode_done:True
text:Do you name your favorite outfits?	labels:Okay, I'm now officially naming my outfits.	episode_done:True
text:FAQ: What is the environmental impact of different fabrics?	labels:This subject has been well researched and published. If you’re genuinely interested in diving into this topic I’d recommend looking into any of the online resources
text:Thanks for posting this! I’ve had the Stylebook app forever now but haven’t put in the work to enter all the necessary info. It’s great to read such detailed, practical feedback on it and makes me want to start using it more intentionally.   And you’re SO right about clothing care.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:AE Elgin - Before & After recraft pics	labels:The craftsmanship is great and I personally like the color choice. I could and would wear these in my profession with dark jeans and a sport coat as you described.	episode_done:True
text:Matching shoes & purse	labels:I don’t think fashion has any rules anymore unless you’re royalty or it’s cultural.   I personally don’t like matchy matchy bag and shoes unless I’m going for a monochrome look. I tend to match tones rather than colours. I like a patterned bag (say Gucci dionysus or Fendi zucca or LV canvas) as opposed to patterned clothes because I find they blend in well with a variety of outfit choices.   If I do colour, I will make sure the tone matches. I can’t stand mixing warm times with cool tones. Eg I have a cool tone lilac paid of heels that I love wearing with my cool tone magenta bag.   You can also do opposite sides of the colour wheel with shoes and bags like a green bag and a purple/magenta pair of shoes. But again keep to the same tones. The key with fashion is the tone of colours, and that includes neutral colours too. I would always suggest everyone does a colour/tone analysis and then stick to buying items in that range. It makes mixing and matching easier.
text:why are men's clothing generally not as expensive and better quality?	labels:Women will pay more for their clothes, and pay more for nicer clothes than men will. Supply and demand, baby.
text:Oh god, just imagine the comment section on a Guidi + RA post	labels:	episode_done:True
text:As a fellow 5'2" person I 100% agree! I can't wear heels due to medical reasons, and I love my maxi and midi skirts to DEATH. Oh no I look short? News flash, I am	labels:My medical reason for not wearing heels is a stage four fuckits. I like the way I look at 5'2, I like the way other people look exactly the size and shape they are. To be honest, most "flattering" "tips and tricks" aren't fooling anyone anyway.	episode_done:True
text:How to Dress for Life at Home	labels:They go from "throwing on yesterdays jeans and a random t shirt dosnt cut it anymore" to "wear broken in workwear (jeans) and random summer attire"  I swear the only point of this article is to make people feel unhappy with their current wardrobe so they buy more stuff.
text:Trans-friendly fashion and brands?	labels:Look through my posting history. I am gender non-conforming male and wear a ton of dresses. I shop mostly at torrid, old navy, and a few other places.	episode_done:True
text:Clarks Released a "Desert Boot 2" - They Look Pretty Nice, What does Everybody Think?	labels:Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in	episode_done:True
text:I used to go to the Ralph Lauren store in the Biltmore Fashion Plaza in Phoenix back in the 90s and they had all sorts of things for sale.  I am into watches so I mostly noticed the old Rolexes on leather bands instead of the metal Rolex band priced for what you could by a Rolex on a metal Rolex band for at a vintage watch shop.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Labor Day Sales Vortex of Doom	labels:Everywhere I shop is having huge sales and have been for the entire summer. I'm trying *really* hard to not get wrapped up in the hype, especially since some stores keep extending their sales for "just 12 more hours" for literal weeks on end...having said that, I'll probably at least do a look through Nordstrom's stuff, as I usually give myself a little birthday shopping spree there.	episode_done:True
text:Ugh Toronto has such a good makers scene - I just moved away and miss it SO much. I'll have to do some digging for my new city, thanks for the reminder!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Teach me how to successfully shop secondhand please!! Or just commiserate if it’s hard for you too lol.	labels:A few tips that work for me in thrift stores: - I pick one section and don't feel like i have to check out the entire store.  - I go through racks and touch everything and stop when I touch something that feels like a nice fabric - silk, cashmere, good wool, crisp cotton. This helps me get to the nice stuff when the racks are visually overwhelming. - try on lots of things! Sometimes you fall in love with stuff you didn't expect to.   On websites that are searchable: - have a very specific item in mind or a specific brand you like - narrow the search results by size, brand, color, and fabric - pay attention to the measurements to see if things will fit - don't be afraid to make low offers on sites where you can do that  I find online thrifting very different than in-store thrifting, because online, you can search for all kinds of specific things, where in a store, most of the fun comes from finding something unexpected.
text:What rules do you break for your body type?	labels:I'm short, and one of the fashion guidelines I tend to read say to create long lines - this means avoiding ankle straps on shoes. I LOVE ankle straps on everything - heels, flats, sandals, etc. I definitely ignore this rule! Another rule I saw was to avoid the midi length since it can sometimes be too long but not long enough to be maxi. I wear my midi length skirts high-waisted so they fall at the right point and I love them. IDC if they make me look short, they're gorgeous!
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Hoodies	labels:ID on hoodie in #9	episode_done:True
text:Down Jackets	labels:No love for AllTerrain Decente?	episode_done:True
text:How does one incorporate haute couture into everyday work outfits?	labels:I think OP means avant-garde.	episode_done:True
text:Better With Age: 10 Things Better Bought Used – Put This On	labels:All great choices here. Y’all know I gotta throw trusty M-65’s into the mix as well. Greatest jacket ever made tbh.   Vintage OG-107 shirts are also sick as hell. I own 2 and love the fabric.	episode_done:True
text:I do this too for my nicer pieces but there are some made of certain fabric that gets so stiff and no longer soft if you air dry it. Does anyone know how to make these types of fabrics that stiffen up without a dryer soft when they dry? I do admit, I don't use fabric softener when I wash so maybe that can be some help.	labels:I use a steamer for those.	episode_done:True
text:Have you ever gone out on a limb and bought clothing from an unknown brand advertised on Instagram/Facebook/online? How did it work out?	labels:I bought Allen Schwartz through an Instagram ad and it’s been one of the best choices of my life. The clothing is so effing beautiful.	episode_done:True
text:On Leather Belts in Classic Menswear	labels:Great article as per usual! I'm going to need an article on Sansabelt slacks now...
text:Advanced Fit Pic Techniques	labels:Related question - what tips do you have if you're in a small apartment? I'm quite tall and it's hard to get any distance between me and the camera for a fully-body shot. There's one place in my apartment that gives enough distance with a 23mm lens.   I bought a phone attachment for my tripod because my phone has a wide angle lens but it hasn't arrived yet. I assume it'll give me weird proportions anyway so I'll probably just use it for quick photos.
text:General Discussion - December 19, 2020	labels:So I know this has been a problem since the dawn of online multiplayer, but it really bums me out how disrespectful people are in these online competitive games. I was in a situation where our team had won the match but because I wasn't playing \*as\* optimally as a few of my teammates would have liked, they all started trash talking me over voice comms after the match was over. It's such a bummer because it turns me off from wanting to play, even if I enjoy the game itself.  /end nerd rant
text:Overhauling my wardrobe with lasting pieces	labels:For jeans, I’d recommend investing in a pair of raw denim. It is to denim what Goodyear welting is to shoes.   Some good entry level options in the price range you mentioned would be Naked & Famous and Unbranded.  Head over to r/rawdenim to learn more.
text:So uh, what’s the trends for fall this year?	labels:This might be totally wrong but I have a feeling that face masks are gonna be big this season.
text:Category is: Pants on the Runway - Inspo Album	labels:I legitimately want Katya's terrible tracksuit from this episode tho lol
text:People who built your wardrobe consciously from scratch - what were your strategies?	labels:I had to start over once. Basically, I graduated college in 2008, during the recession. I was poor, and being paid for shit. As I found better pay, I also immediately had 2 kids, so I was a million different sizes, with lots of bills. As a result, my wardrobe was ill-fitting cheap stuff. It was a mish-mash of styles and sizes. Most was from Goodwill and other thrifts/garage sales, Old Navy, Forever 21, etc. My casual wardrobe was basically stained sweatpants that I never left the house in. Everything was purchased solely on it's cheapness, and my work clothes didn't have to "fit", they just had to pass as office attire. It sucked, and I didn't feel great about myself.  Once my husband and I finally changed jobs enough to get to a good place financially, and my kids got old enough that a lot of the baby bills subsided, I finally had the money to fix my clothes. Before I started, I lost about 40 pounds to be back where I wanted to be. I then went to the stores and tried on A TON of stuff to find out what looked good on me and what I liked. I only bought things that served a purpose for me, and I ruthlessly purged things that didn't. I also stopped buying from "fast fashion" places, and I mindfully thrifted/bought only quality pieces from quality brands.   It honestly took a couple of years, but I think I'm finally done. I actually don't own that many clothes, because I get rid of anything that isn't being used often enough. I find that having one good, black dress that fits me serves me far better than having 10 ill-fitting, cheaper dresses. It's my only formal dress, and I have used it for pretty much all weddings and funerals. It's comfortable, it looks great on me, and I change the look with my shoes, bag, and jewelry. My wardrobe is built around workhorses like that that cover many occasions and that I want to reach for because of how good they make me feel.	episode_done:True
text:Is it just me, or does it seem like the clothes being sold since the pandemic began have become very limited?	labels:Srs I work for a women’s fashion store and since we reopened we are just constantly fielding numerous complaints because it “looks like the store is closing” or we aren’t getting new stuff in quick enough. In reality or inventory is just slightly down but we just aren’t getting in new-ness as often and a lot of it is just a bit too late (getting in summer dresses only a few weeks ago, got shorts in July rather than March when we were closed, etc). We work so so hard to make the store beautiful and feel full with limited resources and it sucks to repeatedly here: it’s not the same!!! And 2) you’re going to close and probably lose your job because I feel like it’s not exactly the same as BEFORE A LITERAL PANDEMIC.
text:General Discussion - November 30, 2020	labels:<rant>  If I said "Wear cropped jackets so you look taller" I'd be laughed out of the room but somehow "Short people shouldn't wear long coats" is a valid thing?   Also what's defined as short? If someone is 5'7" do they get to wear long coats? What if they're 5'7.5"??  It also throws the idea out the window of the whole horizontal breaks thing that people complain about for cropped trousers or high-waisted pants. Suddenly you have a wonderful garment type that can give you long, **tall**, and elegant lines and it's impossible to wear.   People complain all the damn time about menswear being too "restrictive" and women's wear being more "exciting" but everyone is too much of a wimp to wear a ~ L O N G C O A T ~.  I fucking hate fashion "rules" and "guidelines" and literally everything having to do with the word "flattering". If you care so much about these gender norms, masculinity and being ~ flattering ~ then sack up and wear the clothes you like.   That whole thread is just people saying that someone else told them they couldn't *wear a coat* so what should they do? Oh idk. How about tell them to fuck off and wear the damn coat.  </rant>
text:Looking for a Shear Thing (Shearling Jackets)	labels:Just got a vintage shearling jacket today. Love how this thread gets posted like 1h after I wore it for the first time.	episode_done:True
text:Store closings at malls	labels:So not a mall brand, but I’m a thrifter and we’ve had 3 locations of Value Village in my area close during Covid, including one that was close to my office I liked to pop in after work. Rest In Peace 😔✊
text:Merry Christmas, Ya Filthy Animals: the Wet Bandits Are Style Icons	labels:Brb, layering my fingerless gloves over my regular gloves	episode_done:True
text:Hiking Aesthetic - Functionality vs. Fashion	labels:I'm not an intense outdoorsman - more of a casual day hiker - but I find that my regular casual clothes work fine. I usually wear shorts and a tank with flannel shirt tied around my waist. Maybe leggings if it's cooler out. I splurged on a pair of hiking boots and boot socks, but those are the only hobby-specific clothes I've had to buy!	episode_done:True
text:Pierre Cardin: French fashion giant dies aged 98	labels:Pierre Cardin here in Belgium is a very cheap brand, Pierre is also my first name.  It’s funny how a brand can have a totally different reputation on another side of the planet.  In Thaïland I traveled often and bought cheap t-shirts and there I saw that Pierre Cardin is luxury brand	episode_done:True
text:Recreating Pinterest outfits.	labels:I do! I try to recreate looks with similar colours or silhouettes with clothes I own. It’s fun and reminds me of all the stuff I have  I look for images of the runway looks/ look books and use stylebook app to build a similar look. I also use Google photos to create a collage	episode_done:True
text:It depends on what you mean by affordable.  If you're just scraping by Uniqlo/HM/ASOS are all fast fashion brands (as much as Uniqlo hates to be called fast fashion) they will look alright but leave something to be desired construction wise. People will pretend like clothes from HM/ASOS will literally fall apart compared to Uniqlo but the truth is their both fast fashion brands and with the exception of sweaters and SOME jeans the construction is pretty comparable. You'll also find a lot more interesting options at HM/ASOS than you'll find at Uniqlo.  Zara is pretty affordable and has some interesting pieces/designer copy-cats but the quality is barely better than HM/ASOS and the prices are way higher.  AllSaints on sale is pretty good value preposition but they don't have very many colored garments. The pieces are interesting nonetheless however.  Like /u/TheVirt said J. Crew on sale is great too, albeit a bit lacking in the interesting piece department.  Some other individual brands around that price-point would be Carhartt WIP, Alpha Industries, and The North Face (if you don't mind the branding.)   Then moving up you could start looking at multi-brand clothiers like Mr. Porter, SSENSE, End Clothing, etc. for more options and brand ideas.  The secondhand market with Grailed, Poshmark (Full disclosure: I have no experience with Poshmark, only Grailed) etc. isn't bad either if you have the time to sort through and do your own research on brands.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do you know if a piece of clothing is worth its price?	labels:I work in fashion and you’re spot on about the acrylic. Very uncomfortable fiber to have as a primary content on a smooth fabric. Fine if it’s in a yarn...I would say knowledge about fiber content is key, which you seem to be aware of.   There are no hard and fast retails as markers for quality in fashion. I have Uniqlo jeans for $20 that have held up pretty well. I’d say you’re spot on again when you ask about brands in this respect. Some brands offer customers a great value AND value their customers.   I agree with the comments here that say if it sparks joy and you wear it, then it’s worth the money, on both the low end and the high end.   However, shopping online can be extremely deceptive sometimes. In my experience Free People is one is the biggest offenders in this. Their stuff just looks horribly cheap once it’s in your hand.   So something that sparks joy in on a model in a photo might not once you get it home. I’d just say shop with your heart and be prepared to make returns.   Personally, I shop vintage a lot and I am pretty selective about the brands I buy new from.	episode_done:True
text:Do you have any pieces that "should not" work with your body that just seems to work?	labels:I find most rules are trash, and ascribe to shaming women for having different features. If you have broad shoulders, a padded blazer with sharp lines can be such an aesthetic.   I find if you don't believe in fashion rules, there's always a version of something that will work for you.
text:I think minimalist or non-statement jewelry is timeless to an extent like a simple colour t-shirt is timeless. The super, super, tiny and delicate pieces (a ring that's so thin it's almost invisible) will probably trend towards slightly thicker but still delicate pieces.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I told my gf that I sometimes need to take “fit pics” for dudes on the internet to watch how I dress up like some kind of cocaine cowboy.	labels:I feel you.	episode_done:True
text:Cry about it fashy	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT - Change: Pacific Northwest Style	labels:So... Anybody wanna explain this one to me?
text:I agree, I've never understood what people are doing in the laundry to make their clothes literally fall apart after a few washes. Washing on the hottest setting and drying high heat, maybe?  Ive legitimately never had anything fall apart in the wash ever and I dont take particular care other than cold water and low heat in the dryer (plus not chucking things like sweaters, dress shirts and leggings in the dryer at all). And I used the communal machines in my apartment!	labels:I can count on one hand the number of things I have had "fall apart" after a few washes in the last 2 decades (excluding actual laundry errors). Primark tshirt WERE shite quality tissue feeling crap, (worse than the cheapcheapcheap stuff we used to get from the market stalks) in the early 2000s but I've got some now that are 10 years old and still wearable out if the house. The last thing that died in laundry was a fluffy jumper I bought in 3 colours in 2018. One of them unravelled in multiple places first wash. The other 2 still look new tho, after multiple washes.	episode_done:True
text:Bigger, Longer Coats	labels:It's 1985 all over again!	episode_done:True
text:Stockings vs Tights vs Leggings	labels:I wore skirts and dresses most days during the previous fall and winter seasons. My go-to stockings/tights were opaque Uniqlo Heat Tech. I’d pair them with an ankle or knee high boot. If I was wearing knee high boots I could also wear thick knee high socks.   I will say, I’m very used to wearing skirts and dresses no matter the temperature. Plus I overheat quickly once I get indoors if I layer too much.	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme Challenge Announcement: Workwear!	labels:hehe, more like WERKwear amirite^sorry^^I'll^^^leave^^^now^^^^.
text:Awesome! Yeah id love to see some more shots	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Can you have a clothing style without actually wearing that certain style much?	labels:This isn’t a direct answer to your question, but I’ve found I have a ‘hopeful’ sense of style and a ‘realistic’ sense of style.  Hopeful-me will think about buying a teal floral wrap dress because it’s gorgeous. Realistic-me knows it will sit in my closet untouched for 3 years because I don’t wear teal!   I’ve learned to differentiate between the two while I shop, at least. If I was a celebrity suddenly, maybe I would lean towards hopeful-me’s style, but for now I am normal and realistic!
text:Game worn Air Jordans	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Favorite Etsy Shops/thrift accounts?	labels:On Instagram, @remadebyjenny! Full disclosure, this is my friend who is just starting out and would love to give her exposure! I bought a J Crew chunky cardigan from her and its so lovely. She has started selling from her own closet on top of thrifting, so lots of XS and S pieces.
text:Lol thank you!! 🙏🏼	labels:	episode_done:True
text:It’s 2021. A vaccine for the virus has been made widely available and businesses may operate at full capacity, including bars, clubs, salons, etc. How will this influence fashion?	labels:People will go ALL OUT. This sub usually salivates at the thought of athleisure taking over and killing fashion (and fast fashion) but that 100% wouldn't happen. Almost every woman I know is bloody sick and tired of not getting to dress up, not being able to wear lipstick, not having places to wear heels and vacation outfits. People would literally go crazy and it truly would be the roaring twenties. Dresses of all types, miniskirts, sparkle and glitter, heels for days, fun fabrics, bolder colors, leather pants, blouses with impractical sleeves, statement earrings – women would really be dressing to the nines *and* wearing bold lipstick colors to compliment.
text:How do you dress for the (extreme) weather where you're from?	labels:Chicago here- Kenny from South Park, except in purple.
text:Engineered Garments.  I really like their stuff, but I'm just too deep in the rabbit hole of my own Ivy/basic bastard style amalgam to try to incorporate an EG vibe too. It's not that I don't think it would work, and more that I don't want to try to afford it. I suppose I could dip my toe in with Universal Works, but it's hard to care right now when the only time I leave the house is to get groceries once a week.	labels:Man ivy is ripe for EG integration, just swap out a blazer for a before and you're there	episode_done:True
text:I appreciate that 🙏	labels:Japan blue and Justin are also some great entry level raw denim brands.	episode_done:True
text:this is such a great idea omg	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Looking for aesthetically pleasing pajamas	labels:La perla is always a solid choice but is VERY pricey. Loveshackfancy has some cute nightgowns as well as hill house home. Morgan lane makes some luxurious pajama sets as well. I like Desmond and Dempsey but they aren’t traditionally “sexy.”	episode_done:True
text:I don't find that at all. I watched a video where 4 women with different body shapes all tried styles that weren't supposed to be flattering. At the end of the video, the opinions hadn't changed.  I do see how that can be limiting & believe that people should wear whatever they want regardless though.	labels:Right sometimes the rules make sense.  I was scrolling through Pinterest and looking at vintagey fashion rules, where they would actually tell fatter women “HEY don’t wear this - you will look like a refrigerator”.  I am all about wearing whatever you want and defying every “rule”. But it’s kind of fucking annoying when I want to dress to look my best and most flattered and every resource out there is saying “YOU GO GIRL you can rock ANYTHING YEAH”. It’s almost an EXCUSE to not have to do any research or have any design knowledge.  Honestly the whole “wear whatever you want” kind of ignores fatter women - like, oh I realize literally everything that’s “in” right now is not flattering on you because it’s made for a straight thin body - but IDC - fend for yourself. But I will hide this thought process behind “THERE ARE NO RULES - you’re beautiful and can wear ANYTHING”.   Tell it like it is. God I wish someone had told me to never wear mom/boyfriend jeans.	episode_done:True
text:I agree the exclusivity disappeared. I remember in high school the cool kids would drive to New York or Toronto to do back-to-school shopping to get designer clothes and accessories. By the time I graduated college, all the in-demand brands (like Michael Kors and Coach) had stores in the local mall, plus online shopping and others you mentioned.  And now that you can regularly find these and all those other "high end" brands at Marshalls, TJMax, 6pm, etc, they've lost even more of their cache.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are your fiction and or nonfiction plans and outfits? What are the things you want to wear just to wear?	labels:fictional plan for Christmas:   * rocking the appropriately green Marchesa gown I bought months ago to look incredible at a luxurious corporate holiday party with my gorgeous fiance * wandering local boutiques and busy Christmas markets in my new brand ankle-length trench coat, cashmere turtleneck, and structued paperbag pants, storing my treasures in a vintage catchall bag  * awesome makeup look with favorite red lipstick  &#x200B;  nonfictional plan:  * brave the cross country flight home (i've been quarantined away for a while) wearing mask, face shield, hoodie, leggings. run everything in machine immediately. cry from worry about exposure from travel. * wear old worn-out cotton pajamas to bed	episode_done:True
text:I think of this kind of the other way around. I have work clothes and I have rest-of-the-time clothes that are my real preference. Doesn't mean I don't enjoy my work clothes, but I'll be darned if I'm going to let other people's opinions determine how I dress in my off time. Especially if I know I look good!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are your not-so-basic basics to pair with statement pieces?	labels:I usually wear one statement piece with more basic items, but if I want to combine more dramatic items, I try to pick items that stand out for different reasons (unless I'm going for full on maximalist).   So like with the pink suit, it's 100% the colour that makes it stand out. So I would pair it with a top with a bold pattern, or a dramatic scarf that creates an interesting silhouette, or a belt or necklace that has a lot of interesting detail.
text:General Discussion - February 13, 2021	labels:oh god i was able to try on some EG stuff in person and it all fits me perfectly and is exactly the vibe I want. Lord have mercy on my soul.
text:wahwah wabi sabi indeed	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Drake's Collection One, 2021 Lookbook	labels:Love Drake's style, but it's so expensive. Any more affordable alternatives (preferably european)?
text:Shirting is done in their factory in Somerset, England. They use a variety of fabrics from mills like Thomas Mason, Albini, and Carlo Riva. Drakes is well-known for the details on their OCBDs in particular, including a distinctive extra stitch in the chest pocket. Some people also say that the collar roll of their OCBDs is their favourite, though this is of course subjective based on preferences	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Naughty or Nice?	labels:I am not one-hundred percent sure which list I have ended up on, as Santa keeps a tight check on his super secret, "*Nice Fashion or Naughty Fashion"* list, but I do believe I have ended up on the former, *"Nice Fashion". I REALLY do so hope.* I tried ***so*** hard this year. I realized that *layers* are a thing! God, so many *layers*. New colour combinations, mixings textures, jackets! SO MANY OPTIONS. This is my problem, though.. I think I've been going too far with my newly found appreciation for *layers.* I've been **hot**. The sweaty kind. Beads of sweat dripping down my forehead at all times. I've been having to drink twice as much water, as advised by my doctor. My doctor doesn't know why I've been so dehydrated, and honestly, I didn't know why either. Until a few weeks later, I was weak and tired, eye's sunken in with dark purple circles sitting beneath them, bad hand shakes. That bad physical health night, I began to remove my clothing to get ready for bed. I began by peeling off each of my four pairs of socks, (the first layer was a simple ankle sock for padding, the second layer was a sock longer with large frills all around ,the third sock was a sock that went to my upper ankle, shorter than the frilly one and the fourth pair with were giant fluffy socks), it was that moment, when my hand slid against my sweat-dampened foot, why I might be so sick. I looked over to my bed, where my pajama assemble lay. I glanced over at each piece of clothing, a sports bra, an undershirt, a tight long-sleeved, a loose fitting shirt, a big knitted sweater, a shawl, warm leggings, long socks, boxers and pajama pants. **The** ***layers***. That must be it!  I feel better now, I stopped wearing so many layers, but now I have *no idea* what to do with layers! I have no self control. I can't bring myself to just wear **some** layers, once I match an undershirt with a tee-shirt, it's game over.  Santa will be leaving me a book on how to manage my Obsessive Compulsive Disorders. I just can't stop once I get going.	episode_done:True
text:Capsule wardrobes?	labels:real question - what's the difference between "capsule" and "uniform"? I have a tendency to wear the same thing, or very similar things
text:Haha that’s pretty plausible, it ain’t me though but then again I look like an Italian or w/e, dress like a cowboy and have a British name so I make no sense whatsoever anyways. BRB copping some layers.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Let's talk about sleepwear-- what are your favorite pjs?	labels:i wear t-shirts mostly. i like cotton and freedom.  as for threadbare bottoms, i can sympathise. i've bought coloured shorts and leggings one size up when it gets colder. in the summer i don't wear bottoms, just panties and t-shirt. :F  when i go somewhere when i have to look decent, i have a few cotton and silk sets.	episode_done:True
text:How do your clothes wear out?	labels:For me, it’s typically the elasticity of fabrics start to give and the items no longer fit correctly or if it’s a bottom, they no longer “stay up”. This usually happens with leggings or panties after about 5 or more years of regular wear with caring for the items properly.  I also had a faux leather jacket wear out after 6 years of regular wear. The faux leather ended up “peeling off” or something like that.
text:Shitpost Saturday: You Are What You Wear	labels:I live in Patagonia b/c as a certified Colorado Native™️ my long, rock-climber arms need to stay covered in busy, Indigenous-appropriated prints while I summit the U.S.' highest peaks with enough gear to sherpa a herd of New Englanders to the top of Everest.   Unrelated: can anyone recommend a vegan-down parka suitable for the Phish cover band concert at my local dog park brewery?  Namaste.
text:More Men Reach for Sewing Machines	labels:I’d like to read the article but it’s behind a paywall.	episode_done:True
text:Thank you so much for the insight. Yeah, the writing is on the wall. I know the brand was never popular since I always felt I was the only one buying their stuff. Sucks about the design team because the men’s stuff used to be good. Forever 21 had REALLY GOOD men’s stuff when the men’s line first debuted too, but they let go of a ton of designers too (many whom I heard were from GUESS).	labels:You’re welcome :) I actually met one of the Senior Designers working with the G by Guess team and he was actually really good. You can tell he was really creative and was able to design with the customer in mind. I do think that in the past few years they had a lot of limitations brought upon by upper management since the brand wasn’t performing as it used to. The brand, as a whole, is not what it used to be back in the days. Like F21, it’s days are long gone. Now, the company is only plagued by sexual allegations made against Paul Marciano, among other things. Not even their collaborations with J Balvin, JLO, etc. seem to do anything for them.
text:What Are Your Regional Fashion Stereotypes?	labels:Boston  Young business professional - you can’t go out on a Fall work day in Boston without seeing at least one young business professional rocking a Patagonia Better Sweater style fleece vest.  And it’s a slow day if you see less than 20. Accessorize with Dunkin Donuts coffee.  On the weekend trade the vest out for a pea coat and the coffee for an IPA that’s like 13% alcohol.  Pea coat stays on in the craft brewery.  Young college aged - the chunkiest dad sneakers complete with thick calf height socks.  Top it off with a flat brim, snap-back hat and ridiculous sunglasses, typically with one of those straps you’d wear to not lose your shades while fishing.  The end result is somewhere between 80s high school movie bad guy in the gym glass scene and a dad who’s about to mow the lawn.
text:NYT: The Very Right-Now Allure of Going to Extremes – Reviews of Rick Owens, Loewe, and Dries' SS21 Presentations	labels:I love this! Especially this quote from Dries van Noten  >“I think we need beauty, but not beauty that is nostalgic, that says the past was a better place. Beauty that gives you energy.”   That speaks pretty directly to how I’m trying to navigate fashion right now. I’m not exactly going out anywhere, but I try to wear clothes that make me really happy to be awake and doing things. And I’ve been consuming a lot of fashion media, history, shows, etc because some clothes—including a lot of these!—are so engaging even just over the screen.
text:Do you know if quality of the wool coats at H&M will be lower quality? Say getting a 100% wool coat from H&M/F21 versus jCrew? I mean, I've even seen people write in this sub that their Aritizia wool clothes didn't hold up for more than 1-2 seasons	labels:	episode_done:True
text:This. I get joy out of 150€+ pieces that I wear for years, but also from €20 acrylic christmas sweaters that I wear twice a year 😂	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I guess I didn't get the joke. And I have to say: I didn't mean to troll you. I think I've stumbled into a conversation with the simple goal of defending Derek without understanding the context of this sub and your role within it. In any case, it's a *great* read. Cheers!	labels:Oh, I'm a fan of Derek's, and do intend to read this one eventually (especially since I have a simple ribbed knit that seems to fit whatever he's talking about). I'm just saying it's a funny pattern.  Some people just like to hate on me here.	episode_done:True
text:Bigger, Longer Coats	labels:This is how we finally get capes back.	episode_done:True
text:How to Make a Savile Row Suit: A Short Documentary from the Museum of Modern Art	labels:I always wonder how these suits look tight and fit on James Bond with so much actions going on.
text:We’ve been STEMed!	labels:It hurts every time	episode_done:True
text:Article: Why Is Fashion So Beige This Season?	labels:The last time I remember noticing beige getting popular was around 2009 (the great recession). I was going to fashion school at the time and one of my profs noted that neutrals tend to come in style when the economy tanks because the pieces are more versatile. Like, there's only so many ways you can wear a bright pink top, but you can generally wear neutrals with everything.  Anyhow, I've noticed color palettes are trending more neutral again and I took it as a sign that fashion folks are taking into account that during the pandemic customers are trying to stretch their buys as far as possible.  Tbh, I don't feel strongly about it except that what I think it signifies makes me sad. I think it's triggering some minor trauma from my early adulthood and the recession 🤣
text:If you could describe your style in 3 words, what would it be?	labels:Business casual pajamas.	episode_done:True
text:What are your fashion tips for looking good on Zoom?	labels:I wear jeans instead of slacks bc its more comfortable, but besides that? avoid prints, I keep a lamp on behind my computer, and I adjusted the blur/touch up feature in settings	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 08, 2020	labels:Yesterday we had in here a brief discussion on the potential impending resurgence of square toes (niche designers -> celebs -\*> big designers -> fast fashion -> regular people).  (\*you are here). Lurkers gonna be *mad*.  Upon reflection it really highlighted to me how downright insane the discourse of 10-years-ago-MFA was. Taking the square toes as examples, we had all this "teaching material" about how they were wrong, unflattering and just an all around horrible idea. With the implication that the people who make and wear square toe shoes simply don't know what they are doing.  Yeah, right. The people running one of *the* most profitable and most competitive markets simply didn't know that square toes "don't flatter your foot". They needed randos on the internet to find that out. *Insane*.
text:Hooded Sweatshirt Roundup	labels:No mention of weight of the fabric. I prefer 460 gsm or 520 gsm 100% cotton with peach treatment. And nobody even mention the weight of their material in description.	episode_done:True
text:Ive seen kaftans that look really cozy and that are pretty. Mango had a few last time i checked!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:It’s been easy so far since there’s no where to go.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Use wool items instead of cotton or synthetics. They’ll keep you warmer.	labels:I never quite realized how amazing wool  was before coming to MFA. I’m a fucking evangelist now. I wear merino wool socks,  wool trousers,  wool sweaters, wool peacoat. I do wear modal underwear.	episode_done:True
text:I think that’s not exactly true when you have a lot of employees working for you who also rely on that thing to survive during a pandemic-that makes things a bit more complicated.	labels:We all rely on our jobs to survive. How is it different when it's a  blog? (Where most people seemed to work as freelancers)
text:Going through my pajamas has been on my list of things to do for ages! I have so many old, mismatched pairs that need to finally be retired. Thanks for the reminder!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Interesting Post about Cashmere Quality	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I feel like showing off the logo is more of a poor person trying to look rich thing. Truly wealthy people don't try to show off like that. Also, a lot of the purses with very prominent logos are fugly.	labels:> I feel like showing off the logo is more of a poor person trying to look rich thing. Truly wealthy people don't try to show off like that.  Patrick, your classism is showing.	episode_done:True
text:How do you wear square scarves?	labels:Sometimes I tie them around my wrist to accent my outfit or tie them like a bow on my belt loop when wearing a blazer.	episode_done:True
text:I nominate /u/iptables-abuse for best results of Best of 2020 thread asker abouter	labels:	episode_done:True
text:where this pasta from? is it a comedian? it sounds so familiar	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 13, 2021	labels:The king is dead. Length is but a means to be longline or cropped or cuffed or stacked. All shoulders are raglan. Chest is where I put my delicate knits for safekeeping from the prying mouths of intrepid moths.    Measurements are pathetic quantifiers of a qualitative experience. The extra inches will drape from my anatomy pleasingly, like a banner proclaiming that fit's regime has been toppled dancing in the victorious breeze. M and L and 2 and 3 are guidance enough (S and 1 being made only for the woodland sprites who derive disgusting sustenance from their plentiful options on Y!JP).   While your tailor sleepily shaves another inconsequential centimeter from your shirt sleeve, mine envelop my hands, sheltering the delicate palmskin from the sear of a tea- filled mug. While you salve your chafed thighs from those jeans that "just need to break in", my pendulum swings within its harem, emancipated from the confines of low rises.   Will you hear the call of my silhouette, and learn how to breathe? Or will you continue to ride up the crevasses behind the aging corpse of the old king?   The post-fit era is upon us.
text:I needed this. I’m usually so confident in my outfits but there’s just something about turning 30 plus comments here and there from my older family members that make me second guess myself and make me wonder if I need to find a new style even though I love my clothes and style.	labels:Dude forget your family’s comments, they literally don’t know better. It’s your style and you wear what you want.   I’m 36 and wear anything from grandma sack tunics to glittery minidresses.	episode_done:True
text:It’s fascinating that there was and still is a binary of “dressing for men” and “dressing for yourself [and other women]”. Which is a heteronormative and exclusionary way to put it, but I’m having trouble articulating everything. Both sides feel like they’re rebelling against the other, when for the most part people tend to participate in both. Both being, dressing for oneself and an audience that appreciates style without finding it sexually appealing and then the other side of dressing in part to be found sexually appealing by the group that you wish to attract. I agree that a lot of similar feelings towards what is considered “flattering” come up a lot here and it’s uncomfortable to try to get to the root of why that is.  I think a lot of her language doesn’t sit right with us because it’s assumed that every woman wishes to attract a man	labels:	episode_done:True
text:one time i was in a Uniqlo and someone asked if i worked there  :)  :(	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Chelsea boots under €200	labels:Arket! Your new best friend	episode_done:True
text:Minimum.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I'm normally very frugal but this year gets a hard pass on spending. I only look at my CC statement to make sure I am not getting rooked on double charges and the like....but the total is hard to look at....and a lot of that is on things like shorts and shirts and things and I rode through the desert on a horse with no name...it felt good to be out of the rain.  Oof. I mean I can easily afford the spending but it feels weird.	labels:>I only look at my CC statement to make sure I am not getting rooked on double charges and the like....but the total is hard to look at.  This. I pay in full every month, but I've started making a payment every week just so the total won't be so shocking.
text:Shitpost Saturday: Naughty or Nice?	labels:Naughty. I work from home now, I wear the same hoody for a full week. I rotate shlumpy t-shirts, yoga pants and sweatpants. I wear sports bras instead of regular bras because they are more comfy.  On weekends, I put on a stretchy pair of jeans and wear the same top for any activities outside, because I give up.  Sometimes I wear a Fancy Hoody.  I haven't out on more than tinted chapstick and a quick swipe of mascara in months.  I did get myself a cute new pair of duck boots from Costco. On some girls they look cute and stylish.  On me, it looks like im a middle age mom of 3, who has just tromped around the muddy dog park. Because I am and I have.  Santa. I miss my cute funky office clothes. I miss my pretty matching lingerie, and I miss my sassy weekend going out clothes.  SAVE ME SANTA.	episode_done:True
text:I also think the discounts will be big this year but don't retailers often sell lower quality products for Black Friday?	labels:Sometimes, but only for certain items and merchants (e.g., Levi’s sold at Walmart vs. Levi’s.com). It’s more common to see inflated MSRPs to think you’re getting a good deal. If everyone knew retailers sold inferior products during BF, no one would shop then. That said, outlets and factory stores do sell lower quality items year round that were made specifically for them.   Stock photos that change right before sales can be another indicator that they’re selling a different version of the same item. All the more reason to have extra time to research your purchases.
text:contact a local printing shop.  They will be able to get you them in any color you want.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:When did skinny jeans go out of fashion?	labels:skinny jeans haven't been on trend since at least 2015-2016 imo. that's when mom jeans became all the rage.  That being said, skinny jeans are pretty much staples for most people. They go with a lot of outfits and make a lot of looks.   Just because something isn't currently on trend, does not mean it can't be stylish.
text:Does anyone else always hesitate to buy what they truly love because they don't have a social life?	labels:Outside of Covid,  I am perfectly happy to wear fancier than necessary clothes to work out while running errands.    What I really want and can't justify is a floor length formal gown. I don't think I have ever gone to a black tie event.  Why don't people have fancy parties anymore????? I just want to wear a ball gown once a year,  is that too much to ask?
text:Is anyone dressing up this year for Halloween?	labels:I am ashamed to admit that I forgot it was halloween today. We were invited to a Halloween party a few weeks ago and we declined and I haven’t thought of it much since. The local stores and boutiques near me haven’t done anything special for Halloween this year, just the fall display dragged on. I just got a coffee this morning and am sitting outside to read and just now realized that local coffee shop had no seasonal decor at all whatsoever! So unusual!  I’d best remember to put out a bowl of candy, but many of the places around here canceled trick or treating outright so I don’t have any prepared. You’ve inspired me to take a drive around today and look at some halloween decorations. I miss it! I think I will splurge for the full sized candy bars this afternoon and leave them outside. Give anyone here who IS trick or treating an extra treat!  Thank you ❤️
text:My boyfriend and I have lived together for well over a year now and he has yet to do my laundry a single time because of this very reason 🙃 and he never will if he knows what’s good for him	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What's the greatest length you've gone to obtain a much coveted fashion item?	labels:I purchased glasses from Korea. They wouldn’t ship to the USA so I sent them to my in-laws in China. They gave them to a friend of theirs who regularly flys to Los Angeles. Friend gave them to another local Chinese friend who eventually shipped them to NYC.   At the end I didn’t like the glasses.  Edit: the glasses were brand: gentle monster model: west coast 01.
text:How do you guys work towards avoiding fast fashion?	labels:IMO if you're wearing clothes until they get holes in them, it doesn't matter if you bought them from ASOS or Eileen Fisher -- you're doing better than the majority of people out there who wear something 3-10 times and then donate it.  Yes, buying clothes secondhand is best, but buying something new and wearing it out is pretty damn close.  If you can recycle the fabric again (e.g. rags for the kitchen), even better!	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 09, 2020	labels:Can anyone point me to a good cobbler in the San Francisco/East Bay Area?  I have a pair of longwings that are getting worn down and am interested in seeing what options I have to revive them.
text:Synthetics in Our Wardrobe	labels:This subreddit has a serious hate boner for synthetics and I will never understand why. It seriously depends on the fabric and the purpose of the garment. Not all rayon or viscose or polyester or nylon is the same. It's like you said, the Uniqlo heattech or their amazing wrinkle-free perfectly drapey rayon blouses are so good. Is all rayon wrinkle free or behave like that? lol no... Which is why you need to look at reviews or touch the material yourself. When you touch it, you can just tell it's good...  Not all "natural" materials are elegant or good either. Sometimes stuff like linen is so trash-bag wrinkly. Sometimes cotton/linen/silk really holds in the sweat and makes you stink, or forms sweat stains on your pits, whereas there's loads of moisture wicking poly athletic clothing or super expensive technical gear for hiking or professional sports which is designed for a specific purpose from synthetic material that keeps you ultra dry, ultra cool, whatever it may be. Poly is also good UPF protection from the sun. Some of my most expensive hiking gear is made from polyester. There is some clothing I own, which I can toss in the washing machine, and after the spin cycle, it's completely dry, without the dry rack.   Acrylics can be super itchy and pilly, or be super tightly woven, soft, and incredibly durable. It really depends. You can't just look at the label and put it away because "omg ew polyester 100%" you need to touch it, stretch it, scrape your nail against it to see how the fabric performs.   tl;dr There's loads of great high quality fabrics in all materials whether it's natural fiber or man-made and I don't really have any negative opinion of anything until I see it in person, and touch it and wear it and I don't think it should matter at all, so long as you personally like it
text:Add funny to that list. What a freaking all star.	labels:I told him what you said and he’s really appreciative ;)	episode_done:True
text:(Man) Repeller: A postmortem	labels:>was faced with the actual prospect of becoming a minority partner in the blog and ceding control to an unnamed investor and, in a fit of egotism, abruptly chose instead to unceremoniously pull the plug  If this happened to me, I would unabashedly do the same thing.   If I'm being forced out from a thing I created to be a minority shareholder, then its up to the unnamed investor to operate the business and keep the employees.	episode_done:True
text:ooo yes i am interested, ty zach   i will answer these q's in a bit!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Ghost Outfit	labels:Humiliation in life. Humiliation in death.  I've died wearing the too-large, white-but-actually-gray-at-this-point, ratty bathrobe given to me by my ex over a decade ago. I haven't had a haircut in almost 2 years and I'm not even wearing socks.   The worst part is that I spilled coffee on myself, so now I have a coffee stain on my chest for all of eternity.  I think it's safe to assume that I died from falling down the stairs or some shit after spilling coffee all over myself. I'm going to haunt the path outside my house because when the wind blows really hard, it actually howls down the path and it's spooky AF. I think I need all the help I can get, give the whole bathrobe situation. Though my coffee stain MIGHT pass for blood, so that's cool.  People aren't creative at all, so I'm probably going to get called something stupid like Bathrobe Witch. Or like, The Ghost of... Well I'm not actually going to put the name of the path because I don't want someone to find out where I live and make me actually dead.
text:She's the Youth Poet Laureate. Joy Harjo is the current Poet Laureate of the United States, and the first ever Native American poet to be appointed to that role.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:In Honor of RBG, What is your Dissent piece?	labels:I have a “A woman’s place is in the house and the senate” shirt I always wear to vote. And even in a VERY conservative state, old women always compliment it.
text:What female TV characters do you think are well-styled and worthy of imitation?	labels:Jean Milburn, the mother in Sex Education. Such breezy, effortless looks
text:I do something just like this with ceramics. Afraid to say I have regretted some coffee mugs and growlers over the years.	labels:Thankfully I came back to my senses before I bought something dumb. I've made a rule for myself that saved me: *never buy something online on the same day I found it.*	episode_done:True
text:You just told an authentic Parisian™️ to give up black! I could never haha. But I’d definitely love to explore some new colors!!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are your favorite fashionable winter jackets?	labels:I have a Winter Warmer hooded coat from LL Bean that is low key and very warm. The pockets are fantastic so I can go without a purse in the winter sometimes. I’m from New York so I’ve got to have something sturdy.
text:Let’s be honest , a majority of these Proud Boys are really Pound Boys . They’re not fooling anyone but themselves. When your previous leader shoved a dildo up his ass to “ own the libs” the message is pretty loud and clear .	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Let's Talk about hats	labels:There is hat etiquette from the days of yore. Here are some of the conventions that were adhered to:  A lady does not remove her hat when indoors or for the national anthem. This is in contrast to men, who are to remove hats when indoors and for the anthem. However, if you‘re sporting a baseball cap at a ballgame, I would remove it for the anthem, whereas if you were wearing a more formal outfit with hat then I would not remove it.  A hat is a daytime piece in most cases not suitable for evening wear. The fascinator is an exception to this rule, but is more of a Commonwealth/British thing.  A lady does not wear a hat in her own home, ie when receiving guests, and as a guest in a friend’s home a lady would remove her hat.
text:Is it just me or does anyone else never see them in public?	labels:One of my coworkers in the before times often wore them.	episode_done:True
text:In the interview Boyer mentions buying a custom three-piece flannel suit around 1965 for $125 — which would be $1,027 in 2020 dollars. That’s obviously quite a bit less than a similar piece would cost on Savile Row today, but it’s not like that was a cheap piece for a recent college grad at the time. I don’t know all the ins and outs around why the cost of tailored clothing rose faster than inflation, but I suspect it has a lot to do with the casualization of the Western wardrobe sharply reducing the demand for both bespoke clothing and its inputs (like wool), which meant the industry couldn’t profit from volume.  Inflation in particular seems to be an element people have difficulty mentally grappling with over time. If a guy grows up thinking a pair of jeans should cost $50, he’s likely to consider anything more than that outrageous even decades later, when the money is worth 3x less. I think this is an under-appreciated element of the race to the bottom in our clothing — it’s not just that Instagram encourages everyone to wear different clothes in every picture, it’s also that we’re conditioned to think price tags should never increase over time. The clothes most people wear every day are significantly cheaper than they used to be in real terms, and that was only made possible by using cheaper labor and cheaper materials.	labels:Furthermore, that generation wasn't really bothered by inflation, as the wages were generally keeping up with it. But since the late 70s, early 80s, wages have stagnated for most. I think this is the reason most people cannot justify saving for a higher quality item. Good quality garments nowadays are keep getting further out of reach for most.	episode_done:True
text:What are your favorite tough winter boots?	labels:I moved to the Boston area about two years ago and for my first New England winter, bought the Ugg Adirondack III waterproof boots. As the kids would say, they’re cozy AF (do kids still say that?), super warm, and I’m obsessed with them.
text:You’re being condescending, and you’re definitely not trying to understand my point. People can have struggles that are not within their control without eating like an animal.	labels:Eat how you want, idc.
text:She looks spectacular, and now I want her and Emma Emhoff to become BFFs with a late night talk show.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What Did You Recently Get Rid of From Your Closet (and How, Please Help Me Help Myself)	labels:Konmari only worked a little for me, as I find joy having clothes to meet any occasion including weight going up or down. Also clothes are more like a hobby and also sentimental so doing them first never made sense to me.   What's worked best over the years is more of a "container" strategy. Let's take your socks for an example. I allot only so much room for socks in one section of a drawer. Those socks with holes are going right out, I don't have room for them and I'm not making room for holey socks. I would take the cue that these socks were so well loved they got holes, so I am fine with finding a similar replacement, then tossing the holey socks to make room for a similar pair I know I'm going to love and wear a lot.   Work stuff and COVID is so much more difficult. Pre-COVID I traveled a lot for work so needed to pretty much maintain a 4-season all weather occasion work wardrobe for all cultural possibilities and their nuances. That's long been 80% of my wardrobe.   But now here we are. And everything's been turned on its head, and that 80% wardrobe is just gathering dust, while the 20% is getting worn 80% of the time. Who am I kidding... more like 100% of the time!  But I'm not ready to declutter my work wear because when we have a vaccine and we're back to normal work schedules, it would be too costly to replace all of it. Especially if somewhere along the line I was laid off.  So for now I've basically SCRUNCHED all my work wardrobe into the smallest possible footprint to make more room for the stuff I'm actually wearing. And re-shuffled so the stuff I'm actually wearing is front and center and the other items are harder to access.   The cool thing is WFH means you can do laundry more often, so no, you do not need a month's worth of loungewear, tees, leggings. You just don't.	episode_done:True
text:[Initial Impressions] Alden Ravello Indy Boots via The Shoe Mart	labels:Goodness, those are gorgeous.  Cannot believe that they require *checks*.	episode_done:True
text:Same. I've never been an athleisure person, so living in leggings and sports bras was making me feel like a lump. It tells my brain "this is a stay-at-home-and-do-nothing day," even though that's DEFINITELY not correct 😂 I won't lie, there's a bigger role for leggings in my everyday wardrobe now than there used to be, but I'm just not one of those people who lives for comfort above all else—I need more to feel like the best version of myself.   Makeup and washing my hair make a big difference too. Why can't I feel like a productive human with greasy hair? Or without mascara? It's a WEIRD mental trick and I'm not totally sure I'm okay with it.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 20, 2021	labels:My partner is now officially my spouse. I now wear a ring which will look good with my fits, but feels really weird being just ... there on my hand, all the time now.  They vetoed me posting pictures (we have public facing jobs, these pictures are all over social media, too easy to reverse image search etc.), but they wore a Rick Owens dress (that I picked out) while I went full minimalism with a collarless shirt with onyx studs, a sleek blazer and cropped trousers. I put this together from my existing wardrobe, since we didn't want to spend a lot. Covid measures made things a bit weird, but the court officer made a real effort into making it nice, which was great. (edit: just so nobody thinks we are totally irresponsible: it was literally just us at city hall, no guests, no party. We'll catch up with that after vaccination.)  It was fun seeing all y'all Americans count down to my wedding day.
text:i mean having just one shoe is kinda silly	labels:between wit and an edit I chose edit because it's Dec 29th and I don't have it in me to finesse my way out of how stupid I sounded lmao	episode_done:True
text:Three brands only for the rest of your life. What’s yours and why?	labels:Uniqlo, Lululemon, Patagonia
text:tfw someone calls my 5 button blazer a chore coat	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Revisiting Fall Favorites: Barbour Jackets pt 3	labels:They don’t age as well as you’d think, I’m on my 3rd wax jacket from them.	episode_done:True
text:For those who won't/can't go out for Halloween: what are your favourite costumes from past years?	labels:Heath Ledger’s Joker	episode_done:True
text:US bans all cotton from China's Xinjiang region over forced labor concerns	labels:I am guessing the garment factory in Bangladesh/Vietman etc etc have to keep a record of the cotton's source?  How will Port authorities know a garment doesnt have Chinese cotton?
text:The functionality aspect I get it  I just don't know style wise if those frames as classic and elegant as they look would be ruined by the slight tint or enhance it  My store told me to go 1 size bigger if I get transitions as it makes the glasses feel smaller usually	labels:I don't really care much for it to be honest, it's mostly the frame that matters. That said having tinted glasses on a cloudy winter morning is a bit annoying but these things are sensitive. Anyway I don't wear my glasses constantly as I've got 9/10 eyes. If I had to, I'd probably opt for something different, like these sun lenses you can clip on your regular glasses.
text:What are your favorite straight leg jeans?	labels:Levi’s 501’s!	episode_done:True
text:Which color palette do you hate wearing?	labels:I dislike neon bright colors. I do own a few things for visibility when walking/running but would almost rather be hit by a car.
text:How to wear nice casual clothes with a cotton allergy?	labels:Tencel trousers and shirts could be good, A Days March do both and I think Arket uses tencel in quite a few articles	episode_done:True
text:If it rains I tend to stay away from a leather jacket. Other than that I always dress as if it is 5^C colder than it is	labels:	episode_done:True
text:This. Get a cashmere cardigan and it will keep you warm. The buttons in the front give you some options for how warm you want to be, and it is easily taken off compared to a sweater in case you’re inside somewhere where the heater is on too high. Keep in mind that cashmere ranges in quality these days. Price is not always an indicator. Check how soft it feels and check the blend % (try to avoid polyester blends). I recommend trying to snag a high quality one during Black Friday sales or at an outlet.   You could also get a collared button up fleece shirt. You can wear it on top of a long sleeve shirt (unbuttoned/buttoned), it’s also easy to take off indoors, not to thick or much volume so it’s easy to throw into your briefcase/backpack, and if it get’s colder you can wear a cardigan on top of it all.   If it gets cold enough to where there’s ice on the roads and you feel like you’re freezing to death whenever you step outside, Uniqlo has some “heat tech” thermal pants that you can wear under normal pants, and nobody need notice. It makes all the difference in freezing temperatures.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:2020 Christmas Gifts Thread	labels:favourite fashion gift received: regatta sefarina waterproof parka.   favourite other gift received: owl plushie that doubles as a handwarmer   favourite gift given: turtle doves recycled cashmere fingerless gloves	episode_done:True
text:Exactly, a matter of personal taste. I grew up with two billionaire's daughters (both going back at least three generations of extreme wealth), one would never wear (and still doesn't) any obvious logos or luxury designer items, the other would wear head-to-toe Chanel on the regular- she was gifted her first Chanel bag at age ten. She didn't care that "classy" people aren't supposed to wear one designer head-to-toe. When your inheritance is in hundreds of millions, you don't give a fuck what "classy" is supposed to be. That's for upper-middle class trying to be upwardly mobile.	labels:>When your inheritance is in hundreds of millions, you don't give a fuck what "classy" is supposed to be.  Yes! 100% this. And honestly, I think everybody should not care and just wear whatever they want (as long as it's appropriate lol).	episode_done:True
text:This sounds amazing. I’m in a similar middle aged position and I would get great satisfaction from this kind of “wardrobe change”. Maybe purple hair and a mad max aesthetic. Even more unsettling for people if I was still quite proper and polite in conversation!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What bag(s) are you eying for Spring/Summer 2021?	labels:There’s a balenciaga agneau city bag I’ve been eyeing on fashionphile. It’s in bright red and the price is too good to pass up! I recently bought a Kurt Geiger mini Kensington in snakeskin.	episode_done:True
text:advice on how to stop buying clothes I don't need?	labels:Stick it in your cart then close the tab. Come back to it if you’re still thinking about it a few days later. Lots of things I’ve wanted I end up not getting once I put some time between finding it and actually buying it.
text:Cold weather friendly skirts and dresses	labels:As it nips into fall here I’m throwing lined joggers and sleeves under summers maxis but I’m an ultra casual zoom teacher at present, also experimenting with aprons	episode_done:True
text:How to Combat Fashion Apathy?	labels:I feel this post! I was so bummed when my company went casual, but then staying home has made it so much worse :/	episode_done:True
text:Where do you get good quality, legit wool sweaters that won't rip/shrink after washing?	labels:Basics? Woolovers and Pendelton. It worries me a bit that you’re reporting rips though. Maybe put them in lingerie bags first. Wash on cold and air dry and there should be no shrinkage.
text:Black Friday Sale/Deal List 2020	labels:Dickies AUS - currently has a huge sale and an extra 15% off with code BFEARLY15	episode_done:True
text:Lower quality items during Nordstrom Anniversary Sale?	labels:I realized this during black friday sales a few years ago.  I think all retailers do it.  Brands create special products for "X Retailer Only" with a discounted price which is really just a lower quality item but passed off to the customer as if it's a great deal.  I'm done with big sales.
text:Top of WAYWT - November 2020	labels:HOLY FUCK I MADE IT!  8 LONG YEARS AND I FUCKING MADE IT!   I’M SO FUCKING JAZZED RIGHT NOW OMG
text:What “statement pieces” are you looking forward to wearing this fall?	labels:I am looking for more cotton pieces. Lately my body and skin is craving 100% cotton. I am usually a jersey knit girl.	episode_done:True
text:This is such excellent layered trolling.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Fast Fashion: What are your wardrobe all-stars?	labels:A long black cardigan from Primark. I picked it up when I accidentally lost my sweater while at a work conference and couldn't bear the thought of spending the next few days in air conditioned conference rooms without some kind of replacement, and I was also on a pretty tight budget. It's one of my favorite pieces of clothing that I own. And it has pockets!  A solid black tee that I bought at Dress Barn a decade ago. It has a great slim fit, and it's soft and not at all see-through. I've worn it probably at least every other week (if not more often), and it's still in great condition.  A long lightweight grey sweater from H&M that I bought on a whim years ago. It's cut in such a way that it can either be worn as a duster sweater or can be tied in the front for a shorter trendier look. It was less than $10 and I honestly didn't expect it to last for more than a few washes, but it's one of my favorites and has held up far better than I expected.	episode_done:True
text:Amen!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Majorly agree with the colored pants thing, they make me look like a barge. I have jeans but besides that all dark gray and black slacks on me.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Grandma's Gift	labels:So it was actually my mom this time around. I'm old enough to be a g'ma myself so I figure Mom gets a pass.  I was chatting with some friends a few days ago about that stupid "We try to explain the 1979 Sears Wish Book to a millenial" article and for some reason I uttered (well, typed) the words "I miss velour". Well, I opened the Big Box O Stuff From Mom, and what should be in there but.... a velour zip-up cardigan. In a hideous print. With a zipper pull that's meant to look like metal but is obviously plastic (wouldn't have been surprised if it had come off in my hand). Did I mention the hideous print is BLUE? I don't even like blue.  But on the other hand.... it's SO WARM. And unlike most of the gifts of my childhood, it FITS PERFECTLY. It's not too big, not too tight, and somehow not a million miles too long.  Velour, though. I don't even know where the hell she finds these things.  I'll wear it over the festive Minnie and Mickey sweatshirt she got me last year. God knows what I'll wear under that as the sweatshirt is basically transparent. Hopefully I won't have to get up during the call because all that fits my lower half right now is sweatpants.	episode_done:True
text:Men’s clothing	labels:You could always try the boys department at Brooks Brothers
text:Good quality men's jeans?	labels:I was 20 lbs heavier pre-COVID and I blow the crotch out of my Levi's 511's all the time. They were my work jeans. It didn't matter what cut, what blend of spandex/cotton. I just blew the crotch out. I've switched to Uniqlo Selvedge slim fit, which fit a litte baggier in the crotch. Quick fix for working, but so far so good.	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Texture!	labels:This is a symphony of color and texture. Also, can I just add all of this to my amazon Christmas list? Seriously.	episode_done:True
text:The 90s Are Back. Long Live the 70s.	labels:Speaking of 90s and looking at more casual clothing I feel like working from home and living in lockdown has sped up the move to the classic 90s knits and wide trousers that sort of fit into that 90 bohemian vibe which was essentially grunge lite.	episode_done:True
text:Y.＆SONS A/W 2020 Contempory Mens Kimono	labels:The きもの looks soo cool, high quality and fashion, I would like to try it onnnn .	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Body Types (no fruit answers allowed)	labels:Ok, true story. My boyfriend’s daughter and I were talking about body types, and how I’m a pear. He overhears and disagrees vehemently.   He’s a quick-thinking guy, and I know he’ll have a good answer, so I say, “ok smart guy, what shape am I?”  “Well, you’ve got good hips and butt, and a long but slender torso. You’re male genitalia. Penis and balls.”  So, apparently I’m genitalia shaped. Sorry, that’s not a food, but it’s what I’ve got.
text:Oxford cloth button downs: a short historical inspo album	labels:Have always loved a long sleeve Oxford rolled up past the elbows	episode_done:True
text:The 90s Are Back. Long Live the 70s.	labels:Thank god, I've been wishing for those wide collared shirts from the 70's to come back in. Can't seem to ever find them other than cheap ones meant for Halloween with bad patterns.	episode_done:True
text:Is anyone into MBTI? Do you feel like your fashion preferences align with your personality type?	labels:INFP here :) In the autumn/winter time I prefer to wear “autumn forest colors” like deep green, burgundy, mustard, or maybe white/black/beige. In the summertime I prefer the same colors just a lighter shade of them.  I love wearing knitwear, jeans or corduroy in winter and organic cotton/lace dresses the summer😊 I also love cute accessories, or small details on garments. In shoes I prefer flat ones, mostly sneakers,Oxford shoes, or platform shoes.
text:The North Face's Denali Jacket Hit Icon Status in '95—And Stayed There Ever Since	labels:Myself and everyone i knew had one— but as I type this Im not sure I had one, and am wondering if its all in my head because they were everywhere...	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 28, 2020	labels:Hey guys, first time posting here. I'm looking for a pair of jeans that are similar to Levi's 519 extreme skinny jeans. It looks like for whatever reason Levi's has discontinued that style fit and I'm looking to get a new pair. Of all the skinny jeans I've tried, I liked this style the most but I'm open to trying a similar alternative. Thanks!	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Signature Scent	labels:*Eau de pain levain*: in a failed effort to keep my sourdough starter from taking over my apartment, I've been baking sourdough everyday. Because there's now so much bread, I'm using it for bookends, plant pots, and yoga blocks	episode_done:True
text:Fall/winter shoe trends: what's your dream wishlist?	labels:Now I'm into platform loafers so thanks for that.	episode_done:True
text:Nicholas Daley Fall/Winter 2020	labels:Serious Lo Head vibes with a lot of those outfits.	episode_done:True
text:Article: Why Is Fashion So Beige This Season?	labels:The last time I remember noticing beige getting popular was around 2009 (the great recession). I was going to fashion school at the time and one of my profs noted that neutrals tend to come in style when the economy tanks because the pieces are more versatile. Like, there's only so many ways you can wear a bright pink top, but you can generally wear neutrals with everything.  Anyhow, I've noticed color palettes are trending more neutral again and I took it as a sign that fashion folks are taking into account that during the pandemic customers are trying to stretch their buys as far as possible.  Tbh, I don't feel strongly about it except that what I think it signifies makes me sad. I think it's triggering some minor trauma from my early adulthood and the recession 🤣
text:Ha. I walk into my closet and look at my sweaters and just think... some day.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Mary Poppins' Carpet Bag is the ticket here	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How many distinctly different outfits do you have?	labels:I think that’s a great way to do your wardrobe.  I am also pretty limited in the colors I prefer, but like to do a lot of different shapes. So, a fitted navy sweater over a long gray skirt is different from a navy tunic over slim gray pants and a navy wrap top over gray joggers, and so on.	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Y2K Style For Anybody!	labels:It finally happened. I am old enough for the fashion I grew up in to be fashionable and trendy again
text:Spring/summer 2021	labels:60s/70s are really in right now, i'm hoping to get one of the vintage Gunne Sax dresses! They are so beautiful and really delicate and feminine
text:What are novelty leather keyrings/keychains for? How do you use them?	labels:Mostly, they're a money grab - cheap enough that people will buy them for their cute or aesthetic factors without the qualms that might go into dropping money on a purse or coat.    That being said, I have a pretty hefty key chain, so I keep quite a few keychains on it (all of them are sentimental or associate with specific friends/family)  and I like using sturdier ones for distinguishing my luggage.	episode_done:True
text:Ngl my new favorite winter pjs are from target. Not fleecelined exactly but fleecy on the inside & jogger style so no dragging the ends on the floor all the time. Very very comfy cozy soft & pretty cute too.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Capitalism does what capitalism does. Maximum amount of money, the shortest amount of time.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The problem is that we are in full lockdown (and will be at least through January). Also I want him to get a good-quality and well-fitting suit for our wedding. If he gets a suit now (however rushed that would have to be), he would insist on wearing that to the wedding – I agree with him that it makes no sense to own two suits with our lifestyle.  We are in Europe/	labels:I'd say when the time comes, suitsupply would be a good place to get a new suit for the wedding. Their best value is their suits, but if he needs anything else, you might as well pick it up from there. The staff know what they're doing for the most part and will be able to pair things well, rather than having to combine things from other places. Since your fiancé isn't a fan of shopping, it'll be easier to get everything from one place.   Feel free to ask again about the wedding once that gets closer!
text:If you want to show everyone you twig and berries	labels:	episode_done:True
text:rosé all day!      no, thank you.  eta accent over e	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Your Chore Coat Isn’t Up to the Task	labels:I don’t necessarily agree but this but killed me.  >	At one point, the chore jacket was a necessary invention to hold the wrenches and screwdrivers that welded our capitalist society together. Ironically, it’s now become a uniform for the people who benefit most from capitalism: white dudes with office jobs and 401(k)s who use the pockets for PAX vapes, power bricks and cashless leather card holders.
text:I know “fashion” but people of minorities are always forced to try better. Some Insights	labels:As a black man I'm not surprised by this at all. I don't think I'm as affected as most because my clothes are overtly fashionable and often feminine, and that tends to disarm any preconceptions of "dangerous" and "violent". But I see it all the time, and I do notice a difference on the rare occasions I just dress plainly. Before Covid, if I walked home from the gym at night in sweats I wouldn't put my hood up or my hands in my pockets because I walked by one of campus police's favorite sitting spots. We only need to look at Trayvon Martin for confirmation. One note about the study:  > While it is tempting to tell individuals that how they dress can evoke negative biases, this avoids addressing a bigger issue … In fact, directing individuals to change what they wear places the burden of mitigating stereotypes and associated prejudices on the wearer. Instead, we need to consider how we can change the perceptions of those who hold and use such stereotypes in harmful ways.  I agree and I appreciate the sentiment, but I'll be dead before we change racists' perceptions on this. It's not a burden I or any other black man should have to carry, but realistically it's a lot easier for me to change my clothes than for a racist to change their thinking.  ETA: Black women have it way worse. They get to have racism **and** misogyny!
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - February 13, 2021	labels:What will be fashionable after lockdown? Especially as things are selling out and not coming back in stock easily. I feel like we’re in a fashion limbo, but that could be age talking.
text:New Year, New Balance	labels:Goddamit. <Unzips wallet>	episode_done:True
text:For those who actually MISS clothes/makeup/getting dressed up.	labels:I go to work (essential worker) but in my job I'm supposed to look professional, yet approachable. Not a whole lot to do in this area, I wear mostly dark jeans with nice tops and flats.  But heck, do I miss getting all made up and going out! lol I have 2 new cashmere sweaters from Eric Bompard, a baguette purse from Leo et Violette, a vintage silk Bvlgari silk scarf I snatched off ebay, Bally pumps... all waiting for the time to get dressed up and show off, and no place to go \*weeps\*	episode_done:True
text:Ellen McArthur Circular Economy Report: by 2029 Resale is expected to be bigger than Fast Fashion	labels:Eh, I'm pretty skeptical about claims that fast fashion will die down any time soon. Especially this claim that resale will overtake it. How will that happen? Resale depends on new items being purchased. If people aren't buying as many new items, the stock at resale will drop. And if a ton of people are buying resale, the prices on the good stuff will continue to go up and result in a lot of people buying fast fashion because it's cheaper.  Fast fashion may not be high quality or eco-friendly, but it's inexpensive and offers a lot of variety, and that's always going to be in demand. Fast fashion won't die out unless a lot of governments put in strict regulations on labor and pollution and whatnot.	episode_done:True
text:The White Issue: Has Anna Wintour’s Diversity Push Come Too Late?	labels:I wonder why the diversity question only comes up when it’s majority white, nobody seems to have a problem with company’s or people who go out of their way to promote everything that isn’t white. Since when was simply being white or Eurocentric offensive?
text:Top of WAYWT - July 2020	labels:ID on those shoes on pic no. 9?	episode_done:True
text:Is it disgusting to not wear socks with shoes?	labels:She's a jerk, but also it's better for the shoes if you wear no-show socks.
text:Good luck!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Yeah, my point is that navy slacks + grey jacket generally isn't a good look (although I'm sure someone somewhere can make it work). black slacks with a grey jacket would also not be my first choice, but agree it would probably work better than navy and would be easy to find in a pinch.	labels:It's not a *bad* look, it's just... kind of unusual, that's all. Because the navy blazer is such a classic, gray/navy flipped from their classic roles is... kind of like a peanut butter and honey sandwich. Perfectly good, but you might have been expecting jelly.	episode_done:True
text:good luck!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 19, 2021	labels:Hey everyone, I don't know if this has been addressed or not but the Preppy style post in the Beyond the Basic Bastard guide has been deleted by the user who created it and I was wondering if it's possible to repost it or create a new one? Only asking because I'm trying to learn more about and follow the Prep style, thanks!	episode_done:True
text:Mayhem at Uniqlo in Japan as customers fight to grab the Jil Sander collection	labels:Lmao wonder what it's like in Toronto eaton center and Markville.	episode_done:True
text:What types of dresses would it be practical to have on hand for common different wedding types?	labels:I'd get something dark that would work with a coat for cold weather (if you have cold weather there) and a spring/summer dress.   Weddings in my family involve lots of food and lots of dancing, so I always wear something that's comfortable like a wrap dress or floatier fabric vs. something stiffer and structured, but that's just me.	episode_done:True
text:Do you think fashion or style has age restrictions?	labels:I'm 35 and wear crop tops and high waisted jeans. Why do so many people on this sub care so much about what others think about them? Wear trendy items, don't wear them, just stop trying to make some women "other" than you due to some fashion superiority complex. Lord.
text:Some of it is down to construction and fabric, which doesn't come across as easily in a lookbook.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Reigning Champ Relaxed Crewneck	labels:This is awesome. I've started branching out to looser clothing/hoodies and have been eyeing the black one of these. Glad to see they improved on it for this version!
text:Counterculture and Corduroy: Late 60s Campus Style in Getting Straight – Put This On	labels:Me: Oh hey I like Elliott Gould! Maybe I’ll give this movie a shot-   >Harry’s many cringe-y anti-gay and racist jokes don’t seem to reflect poorly on him in context,    never mind!
text:how does it make a difference if the entire corpse is used if the process of obtaining it (i.e. torturing and killing an animal) is still cruel and unethical?	labels:It’s hard to tell if your question is genuine or meant to be inflammatory. I’ll respond as if it’s genuine.   Most people agree that within morality, there exists degrees of evilness and goodness. In our society we generally find murder to be objectively worse than, say, stealing a phone. Both are bad, one is worse.  In our society, we also find that killing humans is one of the worst things a person can do. However, it is generally accepted that killing animals for meat is okay because we need food to eat. Animal lives are considered less important than humans. Plant lives are considered even less important, but we still kill plants to sustain ourselves. Strict morality would say killing anything is wrong. Practical morality would say killing is wrong but there are types of killing that are less wrong.   It is more cruel to raise cows specifically for their hide. This is akin to trophy hunters that only want the antlers of a deer rather than venison to sustain their family.
text:My Wardrobe Post: Based on what I currently have, what should I wear with what? And an essay reflecting on learning to dress better.	labels:Dude you dress better than 99% of the population, don't stress it lol.   Just keep doing what you're doing and do it for yourself	episode_done:True
text:This sounds crazyyyy! Not you, but people who comment negatively on you looking nice!? Now that you mentioned it, I remember that someone in my social circle does this. “That’s a really fancy dress. Are you going anywhere else after here?” Or “That’s awfully nice looking for just a game night”. I usually respond to her with “Yeah, I like dressing up”. Having a thick skin helps.	labels:It's wild because I have a pretty thick skin, like I've tackled felons and taken them to jail all while they trash talk me trying to get me riled up. But something about being criticized for looking good really messes me up.   I've had a lot of really negative experiences with it. I don't see any of those people anymore but I've heard women talk about other women so much I know I'm being talked about too. And I'm basically friendless now so I've been actively trying to get new friends. I feel like I can't look too good or I'll just be judged as a snobby attention seeking homewrecker and no one will want to be friends with me. And I body build so I've got a less common shape that gets talked about too. I love my body and I'm so proud of it but I don't feel comfortable around people. Everyone just looks at me. I've had people move tables entirely when I've sat down. I end up going alone to a lot of conferences and events and that's a hard blow when I'm just trying to be friendly and I can't fit in.	episode_done:True
text:[Inspiration] MFA wears rings (& other jewelry)	labels:These are really cool!  To the owner of the serpent/snake ring in picture 19, where did you get that? I really like it.	episode_done:True
text:2020 Christmas Gifts Thread	labels:My partner got me my 2021 work planner before they all sold out. He kept it a secret the whole time! I'm really excited to use the gluegun my mum got me too. I bought myself some much needed work clothes in the post-Christmas sales!	episode_done:True
text:Join the skinny-side of the pants	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Seconded, I haven't found better than old navy athletic for the price point.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:It's not just you. Seems like the price floor for a rugby shirt is $20, even if the collar is yellowed to hell.	labels:Yeah seems like all the cool western shirts are gone too :/ and don’t even get me started on the outerwear/sweater market right now	episode_done:True
text:When to start saving clothes for your children?	labels:When to start saving clothes for your children?   Never. You don't know:   1. If you'll have children 2. If you'll have a girl or and trans child who would find it appropriate to wear your clothes 3. If they'll even have the same fashion sense as you 4. If they will be the same size as you 5. If your clothes will hold up to the ravages of time   I come from a family of hoarders. I have some hoarding tendencies of my own which I'm dealing with. I'm also in the midst of cleaning out my mum's home after she died almost 2 years ago. I go over every weekend and spend a few hours clearing out her stuff. I've been doing this for going on 18 months. I've spent hundreds of dollars trucking stuff to the dump. I learned the hard way that it's not worth holding onto stuff, *just in case*.  My mother held onto every piece of baby clothing and toddler and children's and a lot of teen clothing I wore. And all of her clothes. And all of my grandmother's clothes. And all of my brothers and sisters and father's clothes. And some of her sister's stuff, too. And you know what it looks like now? Most of it has disintegrated, some chewed up by mice, others damaged by moths, and a lot damaged by mold. Anything that hasn't been destroyed by time has gone to charity. I love my mother, and I have memories from my mother, I don't need her moth-eaten, moldy, brittle leather jacket from 50 years ago. And neither do your kids. Give your stuff away to charity to people who need it now, and don't leave behind boxes of crap for your kids to have to deal with after you're dead. Cleaning out my mother's home is teaching me to be a minimalist.    Put money aside, and use it to buy things your child actually wants. And donate your unwanted clothes to charity to people who need it now.   e: don't even get me started on toys, old school work, books, records, VHS tapes...    e: This is coming from a 41 year old who never had kids (even though she always thought she would).
text:Almost certainly not.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What’s the comfiest material you can put in a washing machine without fuss?	labels:I love Supima or Pima cotton and modal. Preferably a blend of both! It's the smoothest soft knit blend. You can get tees made out of this fabric at L.l. Bean, Lands' End, etc.	episode_done:True
text:I love this lol good for you girl!!!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Michel Foucault's Iconic Style Evolution	labels:A former classmate once said I dressed like Foucault and I was simultaneously pleased with myself for winning style points but also discouraged by being associated with an potential IRL asshole (supposedly but idk if verified, he recklessly/purposely infected people with HIV).
text:From 'Doctor Who' to 'Outlander': How Fans Craft Reverse Engineer Knits	labels:Upvoted for Doctor Who.
text:Point number 3 is the best !! But how do we stick to it ? Isn’t it very difficult to wait and buy the things that we absolutely love ? I’m myself trying to follow it but it takes a lot of effort and time and I give up. Any advise on how to actually make it work	labels:Once you hit a certain point in your wardrobe you just need to keep reminding yourself you don’t necessarily “need” anything. I’m also not saying don’t shop and buy stuff! Just don’t buy stuff that after a couple wears have you reaching for your old favorites because you feel the best wearing them. I used to have 5 different tshirts but I would go digging through my hamper for one specific one even if it was dirty because it looked best. That’s what you want to avoid. Similarly, if a brown shoe is on sale but you never wear brown don’t buy it. It will sit in your closet and aggravate you unless you go and buy some stuff to wear it with. Pay the extra for the black and rock them right away. Use per cost is a real thing.	episode_done:True
text:What do you guys think about sites like Poshmark and Curtsey?	labels:I almost solely buy clothing from Poshmark, ThredUP and Depop. I like giving clothes a second life, and a lot of the time, when I find an item I like, the seller has more things so I bundle, save money, and I’m able to ship it all at once. I haven’t had many bad experiences with online secondhand sites and I’ve used them for 6 years now.
text:Sustainability and "Indulgence" in Era of the Rona	labels:I would love to see these boots!   I’ve had good luck for myself at Goodwill lately too- a merino and a cotton knit chunky sweater that spark joy at the changing of the seasons, and a J. Crew Lady Day coat- $400 new, knee length, wool and thinsulate- that needs a little love and repair. I don’t know where the heck I’m going to wear it but since 3 strangers commented “that fits you perfectly” while I was standing at the mirror trying to figure out when I’ll ever have an occasion for it, I decided it was meant to be.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 19, 2021	labels: **Where can i find clothes to look like a ruggy seefarer /fisherman from the early 20th century?**
text:How to Dress for Life at Home	labels:They go from "throwing on yesterdays jeans and a random t shirt dosnt cut it anymore" to "wear broken in workwear (jeans) and random summer attire"  I swear the only point of this article is to make people feel unhappy with their current wardrobe so they buy more stuff.
text:General Discussion - January 03, 2021	labels:This year is getting worse and worse, my dad's just had to go hospital
text:Fun Thatcher fact: the average British man is 11' 9" taller than Margaret Thatcher.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Back to School - a Dark(ish) Academia Inspired Style Album	labels:This is great! I’m trying to work on my wardrobe and style and this fits what I’ve been trying to work on. I am also an academic librarian, so totally checks out :)	episode_done:True
text:I bet you think recycling is going to stop climate change	labels:	episode_done:True
text:[Serious answers only] FAQ: Why does runway fashion looks like nothing you'd ordinarily wear on the daily?	labels:Fashion is to style as reading is to wisdom.  If you only read the rainbow press you're not gaining wisdom.  Likewise if all your contact with fashion is the fast fashion catalogs you're not gaining style.  Still reading comes at different levels if you give a book by let's say Boudrillard to somebody who never read you're not doing them a favor.  Same with haute coture.  People need to already have a fashion framework to understand it.  Also if you read something and just vomit it out again verbatim at the next opportunity you definitely don't demonstrate any wisdom.  Same way if you copy a model's clothes you're not getting her style.  The way reading furthers wisdom is because you would try to integrate ideas of what you have read into your existing cognitive framework, and the effort you spend on your framework improves it.  Same with fashion, you integrate inspirations from what you see on the runway into your existing stylistish framework and the effort you spend on it improves it.	episode_done:True
text:Yessss! Shirt twins!  Tbh most of my tees are pajamas or layering tees as well (under hoodies/sweaters). But in the summer they’re a huge component of my outfit since I don’t have another layer usually, so I thought it was worth taking a look. (Also for some reason my brain keeps going ITS ALMOST SUMMER GET READY even though... it’s not...)  It used to be my goal to find an amazing tee and just buy like 7 of them, but based on this I feel like I can’t trust myself to pick one that I wouldn’t be mad about in a year or two haha.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Store closings at malls	labels:I haven’t been to my mall yet to survey the carnage but apparently the urban outfitters in our cute downtown is relocating to the mall which I find really odd, brand-wise.
text:Target has two silk ones rn that are beautiful!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:They are awful and yet I have owned at least one pair at any time for the past 15 years. So comfy. So gross.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Do you have a childhood fashion icon? If so, does their influence show up in your wardrobe today?	labels:For a while in the 2000s - Zoey Deschanel during the height of Anthropologie/New Girl age. I don’t wear any of those pieces now (without looking dated) but still hold on to them for nostalgia.	episode_done:True
text:Unusual inspirations	labels:Random 19~20th century paintings at museums for color combination inspo	episode_done:True
text:[Inspo & Commentary] Rings	labels:Timely as fuck with the jewelry inspo albums posted today and yesterday. Guess I really do have to grab that eyeball ring huh?   I have some stupid/wacky/tacky jewelry back at my apartment. I’ll take pics of them when I’m off work!	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Fashion is dead. This is now a house plant subreddit.	labels:Surely you don’t buy *new* houseplants?  Ugh. I only thrift.   SRS now that it’s autumn my 8-year-old suddenly wants to grow things from seed. The house is littered with random cups and bowls filled with very wet dirt and whatever dry beans he could find in the kitchen. 😆
text:[INSPO] Skate Inspo List #2 - What Do You Mean Not Every Skater Wears Old Skools?	labels:?????
text:Is it the same stitch in the inside as outside?	labels:I’ll have to check when I’m back home, not 100% sure	episode_done:True
text:Top Down / Aerial / Crotch Shot WAYWT	labels:Note: This is not a shitpost. This is an actual weekly thread for people to post outfit pictures from their perspective (i.e. Top Down). WAYWT stands for 'what are you wearing today?' though obviously you can share outfits you've worn before that within reason.  So please feel free to share.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/malefashionadvice) if you have any questions or concerns.*	episode_done:True
text:My Wardrobe Post: Based on what I currently have, what should I wear with what? And an essay reflecting on learning to dress better.	labels:inspirational on a fundamental level. thanks.	episode_done:True
text:Happy birthday	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How Carhartt A Billion-Dollar Brand	labels:I love the meme. Carharrt: are you a student? A hipster? Or a certified forklift operator?
text:Yesss, I just broke the strap on my house dress. Sends recs	labels:Not the OP but I actually really like the ones that Amazon makes in their Essentials line. If you don’t want to give money to Bezos, though, that’s super valid. I’ve bought them in the past from Uniqlo as well.	episode_done:True
text:i am with you on this, i will white knight for OCBDs forever	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Sorry OP picture? I'm not sure what picture you're referring to, could you link it to me?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Your username is amazing	labels:It was inspired by a recent Contrapoints video where well... gothic lolita fashion and cat ears were worn.
text:What female TV characters do you think are well-styled and worthy of imitation?	labels:Jean Milburn, the mother in Sex Education. Such breezy, effortless looks
text:Best advice I can give you is : Bean boots are the real thing. For everything dirty and outside that’s not requiring steel toes it’s the best thing ever.   Why is it different than other rubber boots? Cause it has a shank and it’s just so much more supportive. Also the part that’s usually more fragile is thick ass leather.  So it looks rustic but it’s not just fashion. Love mine to the garden and back.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Lip gloss has been back in style for about a year now !	labels:I heard that Lancôme Juicy Tubes were a thing again too?!	episode_done:True
text:Oh no sorry! They’re just his pants hahaha	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Quilted Pants	labels:Greatest album yet. Thanks for assembling (and draining my checking account)	episode_done:True
text:Top of WAYWT - November 2020	labels:I love the fits, I really do; but it seems like they all have a similar style in my opinion. Great style but similar.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 19, 2020	labels:Hey i got a pair of visvim virgil suede boots but the heel on my right foot hurts a lot where as its completely fine on the left foot. Will my foot get used to it if i wear them a few more times ? The size on the boots is fine btw	episode_done:True
text:Ever been censored at work because of what you wear?	labels:What kids wear isn't really relevant, it's what other teachers wear. I likely wouldn't be allowed to wear a feminist shirt to my work if someone complained even though 99% of my coworkers agree. It is inherently politically - that's the point of it!   I would get them to write down explicitly how they define political. Allowing vague rules allows them to apply it unevenly as it suits them, so get them to **write** it out. Plus, once it's in writing, you have evidence to give to your union rep if they try to hassle you over something not outside of their guidelines.  When I worked at a restaurant with older customers,, I got an upper ear piercing, so I had to wear my hair in a super weird low ponytail that covered the tops of my ears because non-lobe piercings weren't allowed.   I live in a liberal area and though political speech/expression isn't allowed at work because we're government employees, solidarity with marginalized people that doesn't specify a political issue wouldn't be considered polticial. our union literally handed out buttons in solidarity with George Floyd to wear on our work lanyards, and PRIDE/ally stuff is handed our by an employee resource group. As long as it's not saying "defund the police" or "keep gay marriage legal!" or something, then that's not politicial thats at most a social issue	episode_done:True
text:Full Rick Owens	labels:	episode_done:True
text:For those who define their style as "classic-traditional" (tailored, fitted, matching, sleek), what are your typical outfits for work, on the weekends, date-night, running errands or lounging around?	labels:For work at this point I’ll throw a white button down over some yoga pants, it looks good enough for zoom and isn’t bad overall. White button-downs are basically a personal staple at this point. For running errands or running around I’ll do a fitted white oxford button down with high waisted linen pants or something A-line, with a leather handbag or backpack, or a tan tote. Maybe a long coat/trench coat if it’s cold or raining. For lounging around I’ll probably wear a cardigan, sweater layered on a button down, or something else cozy. I’ve gotten a lot of inspiration from Pinterest and the “dark academia” aesthetic :)	episode_done:True
text:>Tight and circular is the best way.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Recent Purchases - October 28	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Why I Love Silk Scarves (imgur album in comments)	labels:Cool article Dan and some great inspo pics
text:Distinct Fashion Phases	labels:I definitely went through a lot of style changes too!  Middle School- I wore what was “in.” Tight t shirts from Aeropostale and sweatpants from Abercrombie.   High school- I geared more toward my current look. Jeans and t shirts, or dresses and leggings/tights if the weather allowed. I was very much an Ann Taylor/Loft fan because of their petite sizing. Sometimes I wore slacks and t shirts because slacks are more comfortable than jeans imo.  College (right now.)- I wear a lot of things similar to what you described as your current style! Not nearly as often as I’d like due to weather and dresses aren’t always practical. I did just get a bunch of new stuff from Collectif if 40s/50s vintage inspired clothes are up your alley. They have a big sale right now too! I also would check out shoes from American Duchess and Remix Vintage if they’re in your price range	episode_done:True
text:Cool I’ve never heard of this before!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Beauty is Pain	labels:Okay, so there are these totally beautiful shoes. Like they are absolutely to die for. The biggest problem I have is that they don’t fit me. They are just the tiniest bit too small for me. My mom’s solution was actually really simple. Just cut off a part of your feet! Long story short, I did that but the guy I am interested in, totally saw that and is now completely grossed out and it also kinda ruined the shoes. So now I cant stand on my feet without being in agony and I am single. On the upside I can now fit in my stepsisters’ shoes.
text:here comes a special boy	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Manifesto, the bizarre yet intriguing sneaker: world’s first asymmetrical shoe in mass production?	labels:I mean EG have made mismatched sneakers with New Balance, Hoka, Doc Martens, and Vans to name a few. So in answer to the title, I'd say definitely not.	episode_done:True
text:How do you think access and privilege affect your taste and sense of style?	labels:It's interesting for me to read other people's dislike of thrift clothes, and based on their stories I can see why. For me, thrift has been a different experience. When I was in middle school I hated it and unless it was Gap or something like that and you could not tell it was thrift AT ALL I'd refuse to wear what my mom got from a thrift store. I didn't really fit in with most of my peers. Not necessarily because of money, but mostly because I grew up kind of sheltered and then we moved to the DC area. I was suddenly teased because I liked to read and didn't wear Adidas or whatever. So for a long time I tried to fit in through clothes but it still never worked. I still didn't fit in. And I could never quite get the clothes right.  But as I got older I started wanting to differentiate myself from the other upper middle class kids I lived with (we weren't rich by any means but the DC area is an expensive place to live so I was privileged, even if it didn't feel like we had a lot). Thrift clothes were a way to do that that I could afford. Instead of wearing Abercrombie like all the other kids, which we couldn't really afford anyway, I chose to wear old men trousers and sweaters and weird T shirts from thrift shops. So thrift shopping became part of the control I had over my clothes in ways I didn't otherwise have. My "weird" choices were now *my* choice, rather than something I did because I couldn't afford anything else. And even if people thought it was weird that I wore ballet slippers and long wool skirts, it was a style I chose and honestly, I still am impressed by my teen style... sometimes. I like that I went for it and didn't care about how others perceived it.  I still think of thrift that way. And I've found stuff there that is unique and higher quality than I'd feel comfortable spending otherwise. I can experiment without feeling anxiety about how much I spend. And I really can't stand fast fashion, so there's that too.	episode_done:True
text:I’m a super social, outgoing guy and I’ve basically locked myself away for the last 8 months. It’s been really tough having to stay inside but hey it’s the only way we’re gonna get through this shit.    Seeing people throw parties/large get togethers every single day and sputter out a half baked response or ignore it completely when called out on it is straight infuriating. If my freewheelin ass can do it anyone can. Now I can’t travel to see relatives, friends, or family back home for the holidays. Everyone claims to want me to come back and waxes poetic about me visiting. And then they go to parties with 10+ people cause they can’t be arsed to sit inside for a couple weeks. Shit hurts.	labels:It's really frustrating to see people throwing huge parties. I understand that some people are super social and need to see people. If you really need that, grab a small group of people and agree to only see each other. But you don't need to go to a fucking cookout with 3 dozen people.
text:advice on how to stop buying clothes I don't need?	labels:Stick it in your cart then close the tab. Come back to it if you’re still thinking about it a few days later. Lots of things I’ve wanted I end up not getting once I put some time between finding it and actually buying it.
text:Happiest Season Inspo Album because I have a big gay crush on Kristen Stewart	labels:I just saw the movie yesterday with my gf and I immediately knew I had to find some of these outfits for my own board. Thank you!!!	episode_done:True
text:Champion was as good as it gets from 1950-1990.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:They are thrifted Polo Ralph Lauren.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I shudder to think about people actually wearing Lobbs; the creases!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:There must be a solution to feeling frumpy that isn’t just getting them out! I think those styles look glorious on some people but it just wouldn’t feel like me.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Winter Whites: a White Pants After Labor Day Inspo Album	labels:This would put Beverly Sutphin over the edge!	episode_done:True
text:How A Trouser Should Fit – The Armoury	labels:Who needs therapy when you can watch The Armoury videos	episode_done:True
text:/u/redditqueen88 Additionally, if this comment applies and you are feeling generally apathetic with more fatigue than usual and you do not have a history of depression, you may be vitamin D or vitamin B deficient. This can be the case if you're getting less sun than usual. These deficiencies can manifest as mild depressive like symptoms and can be addressed with over the counter vitamin pills (or naked sunbathing if you're into that).	labels:	episode_done:True
text:is it main line stuff or items created specifically for Nordstrom rack?	labels:It's main line stuff. My guess is they are dumping stock due to covid. If you look at their sale section, some of it is the exact same stuff as what's currently at NR, only more expensive. I'm actually a little pissed because I bought the Day Heel Mule when it first came out, which was just after covid hit, and I haven't worn them since. Now they're $40 (!!!) and Nordstrom Rack.  That said, I've come to hate Everlane after hearing the horror stories from @ex.wives.club on IG. Kind of pulled back the Oz curtain a bit for me, tbh. If you look at any of their marketing, they're just so up their own ass, which just isn't going to fly anymore in a post-covid world, imo.	episode_done:True
text:I haven’t seen a cold shoulder top in years.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Textured Knits	labels:Really great album OP, textured knits are the best	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 22, 2020	labels:God I hate that "working out is modern couture" quote.
text:General Discussion - December 08, 2020	labels:Just got my black chelseas delivered and I think wearing them makes me feel *too* confident.  No one man should have all this power.
text:Share the outfits you would wear if the world was normal!	labels:I just want a good excuse to wear my rigid jeans again. They’re kinda terrible for lounging in so I never find myself reaching for them anymore, and that makes me sad. I never thought I would say this, but I’m tired of wearing leggings 24/7. I was firmly in camp “leggings are pants” back in the day, but I’ll be happy to go back to only wearing them on the weekends.   I know I could go ahead and wear denim if I wanted, but it feels pointless changing into jeans just to drive to the post office or grocery pickup.   I don’t really miss dressy outfits, since those occasions were rare to begin with, so I’m used to “waiting” for a reason to dress up. But I do miss my less-comfy casual outfits.	episode_done:True
text:I'm convinced that there's something deeper than just boho styled, edgy, punk, professional styled etc. that we find ourselves liking, that creates our style.   Like music. There's something deeper than simply genre that makes me like a song. It's not genres that define my music taste. It's a combination of all my songs I like that creates my taste.	labels:I agree.  I generally like solid colors, for example (for each individual thing, not necessarily the whole outfit).  That can go with a lot of different styles though.	episode_done:True
text:No Cop / No (New) Jawnz January: Mid-month Check-In	labels:Forgive me father for I have $inned	episode_done:True
text:If you were a villain in a movie, what would you wear?	labels:Sleeved red silk maxi dress, wrap style, with a high leg slit	episode_done:True
text:FAQ: How do I pick the right size buying online?	labels:If there are reviews for the item, always read the reviews. You can often find comments about sizing and fit.	episode_done:True
text:Fall 2020 Fit Battle - Round 2 - Discussion	labels:Slim fit pants by the power of the lurkers please carry me.
text:General Discussion - October 28	labels:Aaaaaaaaand there's the cancellation email for that 1.99 Issey shirt. Was too good to be true
text:WAYWT - January 11, 2021	labels:Butt nekkid rn with 2 fans & AC going full tilt in my room. Its 42 degrees CELSIUS out here rip.	episode_done:True
text:My Cuyana tote feels called out right now.   Not that I’ve gone anywhere since March but I am always fully prepared to carry, well, a lot.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Simons has a large selection	labels:	episode_done:True
text:saaaame	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Yep. I'll see you at CVS in my ball gown y'all.	labels:I'm here for it.	episode_done:True
text:If you know you know	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Women who have revamped your entire wardrobe — how did that go? What is your advice for the rest of us?	labels:Can I just ask why “as few pieces as possible” is the goal and not, say, “every piece in my wardrobe has a clear function or two, and sometimes that function is ‘because I feel like it’ or ‘because sequins make me happy?’”  A wardrobe you like is one that lets you be properly equipped for everything in your life and gives you a nice little aesthetic pick-me-up while you do it.   Before even shopping, I’d say: Look at your life. What do you do at work? What do you do in the community for volunteer work? How’s your social life? Are you outdoorsy? Do you have messy hobbies? Do your hobbies include going out to clubs and live shows and festivals? How often are you running meetings, speaking with elected officials, serving on committees? How often are you attending religious services, religious rites of passage, or big-deal family events like weddings?  Start with taking an inventory of your time and what you need your closet to do to help you be as prepared as possible for how you spend that time. Identify the holes in your working wardrobe, like “I need a good outfit for going to funerals” or “I need a warm weather first-day-at-the-new-job look.” Then you can settle questions of personal style, budget and what items fit more than one situation in your life.
text:I mean I’d be lying if I said the Kapital fleece’s didn’t look sick but they’re the only ones that have ever done anything for me and I don’t think I could ever get over how much I hate how fleece feels to actually wear one.  Not really meant to like judge anyone who likes them it’s just funny that “synthetics bad” is such a meme on this sub with the exception of fleece, one of the worst offenders.	labels:People hum and haw about morality and sustainability until something they like is in direct opposition of that 🤷‍♀️	episode_done:True
text:I've taken 566 outfit photos over 4 years (my style from mid-20s to 30)	labels:Good grief, some belters in there. Really great choices	episode_done:True
text:100% an apron is part of my uniform as the domestic partner. It separates my work hours from my rec hours, and it has saved my clothes from countless bleach accidents and dishwater disasters.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Best of Techwearclothing 2020	labels:Great album! I absolutely love the pants on pic 11 <3	episode_done:True
text:I don't think it's going to go away. I think that's going to be the Millennial version of the Greatest Generation's relative pack rat and frugal mentality.   Two recessions in twelve years when we're in our 20s and 30s... if we're gonna spend money, it better be worth it.	labels:For me it's more the refusal to accept that a $100 leather jacket can only be so good, and that a $500 leather jacket can be objectively better in terms of quality.	episode_done:True
text:Britney Spears & Justin Timberlake 2001 VMA vibe, love it!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I love vintage shopping as well! However all non-essential stores are closed due to Covid where I live. Do you know any good vintage online stores?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Sneakers trends FW 20/21	labels:Classic, old school white Reebok’s. Especially paired with chunky mid calf white socks.	episode_done:True
text:FAQ: How do I pick out my first suit for professional internships, interviews, etc.?	labels:I think that an under-discussed part of picking out a first suit for these types of things is getting out and trying them on before you buy. Being comfortable in a suit, even if it’s cheaper or in a less fashionable cut, is more important in interview settings than the eye to detail and quality that we normally discuss on here. A suit that fits in the shoulders, in a neutral color like navy or charcoal, that you know fits because you were able to try it on is way more important to your success than ordering something online that might be objectively better. Interviewers are looking for you to meet their minimum standard of professionalism, not for you to wow with with sartorial taste. Source: had a lot of interviews in college and law school.
text:Inspiration has to come from somewhere: The Burglyfe	labels:This is getting out of hand	episode_done:True
text:Clark's Wallabees	labels:Needs the cover to Ironman	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 15, 2020	labels:I really enjoyed the "how would you style this" threads that we were doing a few months back. Any chance of those making a return?
text:Shitpost Saturday: the Festival of Clothing	labels:Under the tree, a gift wrapped. When touched, it was soft and malleable. Obviously it was clothes.     On the 25th, the ripped wrapping paper revealed a 7 pack of Fruit of the Loom cotton bikini cut underwear.     In 7 bold colors that were incompatible with white pants or summer dresses. Standard fare from Mom, with love, but without style. Relegated to the back of the drawer for periods and lazy Sundays.  7 pairs for each day of the week? Nay. 7 pairs for 17 years of wear. Holes? No a one. Elastic still intact, colors just as vibrant as the day they were unwrapped. They have outlived boyfriends and apartments.   They are the Nokia 3310 of underwear.
text:General Discussion - December 29, 2020	labels:With stimulus checks on the way in the US, it feels like a race against the clock to try and get all of my clothes listed on Grailed/Ebay before checks start coming in
text:Yearly Aesthetic Goal Setting	labels:This sounds really fun! I like the idea of doing it every year. Thanks for sharing :)	episode_done:True
text:Show me your fall boots!	labels:Are over the knee boots falling out of style or considered timeless?	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 28	labels:I think its funny when someone asks about some style move and theres a long winded response about practicality and history and style and whatnot cause I've written that response before.   I'm a big fan of the "idk it looks cool" answer now
text:Shopping for clothing items you already own: confessions of an outfit repeater	labels:I’ve recently stopped doing this, actually! I was a sweater collector for years. Boxy crewnecks in super thick woven materials and weird patterns. I had like 50 for awhile, it was straight up out of hand. I’ve finally stopped buying them and managed to part with most and actually wear through a few (and unfortunately stained several and never wore again, which happens to anything light colored that I own). Now I’ve got a handful of good sweaters with enough room for another if I find one I *really* need.              All that said though, I’ve gotten into my mid twenties and my body has changed so now I can barely even wear sweaters at all anymore because I’m too damn hot all the time. Has anybody else had this change too? I used to be cold all the time and now I’m roasting in a t shirt at 70 degrees.	episode_done:True
text:White/Light Denim Jacket Inspo Album	labels:This is my least favourite colour for denim jackets.   I like white or lightly washed denim, but not for jackets. Not sure why.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 02, 2021	labels: Brooks Brothers - Standard Discount Code?  Does Brooks Brothers have a standard discount code? I thought there was a code that was something like BR1818 or BB1818. Any thoughts?	episode_done:True
text:FAQ: Why/ when/ how do you cuff jeans?	labels:Why: Because I have stubby-ass legs and it saves me a small fortune not having to get everything hemmed. BUT ALSO I discovered/fell in love with colored weft a year or two ago, so all the more reason.	episode_done:True
text:No Cop January - End of the Month Check In	labels:Nothing new this month but since I got all the things that I bought in the last months of 2020, it actually felt like buying	episode_done:True
text:Hey, just so you know, this post is an album of the outfits posted yesterday in the WAYWT theme thread. So it's not just one person in the post.	labels:shhhh no, it's just me, allllllllll me	episode_done:True
text:Topman is now a part of ASOS	labels:Everything I have ever bought from Topman shrinks more than any other clothing brand. I have bought cheap clothing before but Topman quality in my experience has been the worst.	episode_done:True
text:What is your ideal first date outfit?	labels:I have completely given up on dating after my divorce, but when I did try, I kept things pretty casual.  I don’t want to portray myself as someone I’m not, so I would keep things pretty casual with jeans, a nice top or tee, whatever jacket went with my weather/my outfit and, depending on my mood, either Birkenstocks, converse or a pair of fun printed flats. I tend to take my more casual style and dress it up with fun and unique jewelry.	episode_done:True
text:Are there keds which work with orthotics?! Tell me more! I haven't worn keds in a very long time because of those fuckers and I'm very interested in this	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Whats with all the "stretchy mens pants" startups I am seeing all of a sudden?	labels:Stretchy is superior.	episode_done:True
text:criticism is temporary, style is eternal	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Three brands only for the rest of your life. What’s yours and why?	labels:American eagle for the jeans, timbs bc im from NY and they get me thru the rain and snow, Hanes for socks, boxers, and T's.	episode_done:True
text:Messy eaters? Tell your stories and hacks / fixes.	labels:Why do extra work when you can just git gud at putting food in your mouth hole? Changing your wardrobe, carrying a bib, or changing clothes to eat is a bit silly of a solution to a problem that can be remedied by becoming less messy, no?    I'm sure that's not what anyone wants to hear, but I don't see this as markedly different than a child who has to learn to put away their toys. Messy eating isn't some genetic anomaly, you can simply exercise more control over how you eat. It may even be as simple as slowing down or leaning forward more over a table/desk.
text:Happy birthday! Hope the hangover is ok.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:TBH I feel as if there’s this underlying feeling of moral superiority that’s rooted in the minimalistic wardrobe (for some people). I’ll keep myself from getting too bashed by saying, yes for some people it’s an economic or environmental choice but for a lot it seems like... Ascetic nomad seeking moral high ground.  It’s similar to the painting community where there’s a fetish for having a minimal paint palette. Wow! You were able to paint that using only four colors?!? Who cares so long as the final product looks good??	labels:speaking as an artist: for me personally a limited colour palette is sometimes easier to work with because it eliminates choices. it’s wild to me that people see it as the hard option.	episode_done:True
text:Yep, I'm pretty sure the lightest and least insulated jacket I own is my snowboard jacket. It's just there for wind and waterproofing, not for warmth. Plus because it's supposed to be worn with many layers it doesn't fit right without said layers, so it's not very useful as a casual jacket.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What do you carry in your handbag?	labels:There's some variation, but usually:  Phone, keys, wallet, a compact, sunglasses, a pouch with chapstick, Halls, a pen, headphones, and Tylenol, a lipstick or three, a notebook, a book to read, my planner, a phone charger, my keep cup or water bottle (or both), and hand sanitizer and a mask at the moment. Sometimes a travel umbrella.   I manage to fit most of all of that, sometimes with an exclusion or two, in my Fossil Rachel satchel. I love it.	episode_done:True
text:[Inspiration] Jewelry	labels:Cool stuff. Looking at this got me wondering.  Every outfit there is definitely on the casual side. I’m always curious to see how it would look with business casual and business formal wear, without being over the top.  Working on Wall Street, the only jewelry I’ve seen are cuff links, watches, rings, and occasionally wrist beads or bracelets. There was one stylish black man who would wear diamond studs with suits but that’s about it.  Curious if anyone has examples of subtle jewelry with suits and business casual outfits.
text:The work point: pre covid I wore really whatever I wanted to the work place so as long as it was still within the realm of appropriate. I wear bright colors, lots of patterns and textures, complete with eccentric eye makeup. My philosophy was that no one could tell me shit if I was the best dressed person there. I was and no one gave me shit. People often told me there were always excited to see what I wore!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How to Make a Savile Row Suit: A Short Documentary from the Museum of Modern Art	labels:Happy to pop in here and answer any questions y'all might have about the Savile Row suit process.   Source: Currently work for a Savile Row Tailoring House
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 20, 2020	labels:**Wings + Horns Westpoint Chino vs Tokyo pants.**   Anyone know the difference between these two in terms of material and fit? I heard good stuff about the westpoint chino but can't find it online, can only find the tokyo pants. Similarly if anyone knows any good quality chino alternatives, can anyone give any recs?	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 23, 2020	labels:I haven't been able to upload anything to imgur for 4 days. Wtf?  I look amazing, people should see.
text:Does anyone else always hesitate to buy what they truly love because they don't have a social life?	labels:Outside of Covid,  I am perfectly happy to wear fancier than necessary clothes to work out while running errands.    What I really want and can't justify is a floor length formal gown. I don't think I have ever gone to a black tie event.  Why don't people have fancy parties anymore????? I just want to wear a ball gown once a year,  is that too much to ask?
text:For the parents of girls	labels:My daughter is two and while she loves helping dress me (I'll ask her what colour I should wear today and she'll have VERY firm opinions about that), she's still utterly indifferent to dressing herself and prefers to run around naked XD         I absolutely HATED how I was dressed as a kid (lots of home made clothes in my grandma's very questionable fabric choices... the clothes were cute, the fabric would be like orange and purple plaid or garish green and gold stripes (why grandma, WHY????), so I have a lot of name brand clothes for my daughter that I got second hand (gap, tommy Hilfiger, tea collection, persnickety, etc.) for like $2-5 a piece (FB marketplace is really good in my area - pre-covid, people would just invite you into their front hallways, drop bins of nearly new toddler and baby clothes in front of you, and then let you rifle through them and then charge you a flat price for each item you picked.  Found so much good stuff that way.)      I'm very much going to let her develop her own style and experiment from as early as she wants.  As long as she is weather appropriate, I plan on taking a supportive, hands off approach once she actually shows interest.    She has definite fit preferences now though (when I do dress her, leggings are a must - no jeans or wide legged pants).  She also hates long sleeves.	episode_done:True
text:[INSPO] Skate Inspo List #2 - What Do You Mean Not Every Skater Wears Old Skools?	labels:If you're specifically looking for shoes other than Old Skools (or Vans in general), here are some other brands to look at:  * DC Shoes * Etnies * Emerica * Volcom * Element (although mostly not a shoe company) * DVS * Osiris  Not by any means a complete list, just things I thought of as a non-skateboarder thinking back to junior high.
text:2 chest pockets, 2 hip pockets, 2 inside pockets, two map pockets, 2 pen pockets, and 1 sandwich pocket	labels:I'd say that makes it worth a solid 50 cents, if the fit is timeless and the constrution is quality.
text:How to combine colors	labels:Commenting so that I have this post for later. For some reason it won’t let me save it.	episode_done:True
text:I feel this so hard!!!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Big A$$ Clothes--An Oversize Inspo Album	labels:Dismissing oversized clothes as a trend years ago was my biggest mistake of the decade. You're telling me I could have been comfy *this whole time?*	episode_done:True
text:No Cop / No (New) Jawnz January: Mid-month Check-In	labels:Bloody japanese denim brands coming out with a bunch of fire pieces this days have been extremely tempting BUT im still holding  It also helps a lot that most of the stuff that got delayed during the last months will be arriving this month
text:I haven’t been able to get into straight coats either... I guess I’m just too obsessed with the structure of leather jackets. Totally agree with the modern vibe from colorblocking!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:zara (on sale tho)	labels:Thanks! I like to never buy anything new, so I don't mind a higher priced brand :)	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - February 13, 2021	labels:What fucking food do i dress as lol
text:Any experiences with Wonder Wardrobe or other online courses?	labels:What exactly are you looking for? There are a lot of great short courses online through Central Saint Martins and London College of Fashion you could check out! They’re a bit pricey but worthwhile.	episode_done:True
text:A Vontade Fall/Winter 2020	labels:So we are going with the heroin addict in mismatched , oversized clothes aesthetic this season.
text:Can You Wear a T-Shirt Under a Blazer and Not Look Like an 1980s Leftover?	labels:I still maintain that a t shirt with a tailored jacket is not a good look. It's a clash of formality. Same reason sneakers look odd with a suit. That doesn't mean you can't wear a t shirt or sneakers, just that they don't look good with those particular pairings.
text:both 😘	labels:	episode_done:True
text:[Serious answers only] FAQ: Why does runway fashion looks like nothing you'd ordinarily wear on the daily?	labels:The clothes on the runway are designed to represent, as closely as possible, the idea and sentiment that the designer is using to inspire the new line.  It's analogous to the Platonic ideal. Because the ideas can be so abstract, so too must the clothes. In fact, you can think of it as a series of progressive dilutions, from the designer's mind, to the runway, and then to the clothes that you wear in your day-to-day.
text:Nike Among Many Brands Lobbying Against Xinjiang Forced Labor Bill	labels:Fuck 'em.	episode_done:True
text:Style rut: Pinterest vs reality	labels:Okay, so people are heckin' rude. What inspires us can be unwearable on our particular bodies, and we're not obligated to wear it. Or maybe we don't want to wear that exact item, but some part of it excites us. It's okay to translate what you loved in a picture into something you feel fits into your everyday life. What gives with your "friend"?  Now, if you find yourself unable to do that -- you're STILL okay. And if you need help, obviously that's why Daily Questions etc exist. Because we weren't any of us born knowing how to style.
text:General Discussion - November 13, 2020	labels:Pretty bummed out today. Didn't get through to the interview stage of making my current job a permanent position due to what HR calls a "technical error". Didn't put quite enough information to pass the score for "developing self and others". God damn I'm annoyed. I hope another vacancy pops up before my contract ends and I am going to make sure I really big up that I'm now training people.
text:DAE feel a disconnect between fashion you see in movies or TV and fashion you see in real life?	labels:I dunno, I have no problem looking ‘overdressed’. I’ve always had the motto of ‘don’t dress down for anybody’ in my head. If you’re looking to look fancy, you do you. Don’t dull your shine, life is way too short.
text:I think this is ‘in’ now due to street wear influence!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Top of WAYWT - December 2020	labels:If you don’t  like the outfits and have no other critique to offer other than ‘it’s bad’, you don’t need to comment 🤷‍♂️	episode_done:True
text:Happened on a cashmere I had once... goodbye $$$	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Lol blogs as old school  I’m truly not laughing at you, just myself. Am I the oldest person on this sub??	labels:I'm 36 (not sure how that falls within the age ranges here) but I also consider blogs more old school?  I think a lot of people have stopped visiting blogs and instead focus on the fast instant gratification of social media, especially now with those longer captions and the clickable links to the products.	episode_done:True
text:90s/00s Bollywood Fashion	labels:Can't believe you've done this, mad lad	episode_done:True
text:[Serious answers only] FAQ: Why does runway fashion looks like nothing you'd ordinarily wear on the daily?	labels:The clothes on the runway are designed to represent, as closely as possible, the idea and sentiment that the designer is using to inspire the new line.  It's analogous to the Platonic ideal. Because the ideas can be so abstract, so too must the clothes. In fact, you can think of it as a series of progressive dilutions, from the designer's mind, to the runway, and then to the clothes that you wear in your day-to-day.
text:What was your "how in the name of all that is holy did this end up in a thrift store" find?	labels:It’s less about the value of the item and more about the stars aligning perfectly.  I wear a size 12-13W shoe, plus other things that make my feet really hard to fit, so I am used to buying formalwear to match the one maybe two pairs of formal shoes I own at any given time.  So when I was 17 and going to prom in 2006, my mom tried really hard to help me find shoes, any shoes, that were suitable. But we could only find casual flats or runners, and I realllly wanted to dress up nicely for the first real time in my life. So she said “you know what, let’s buy a dress and then we will just have to find a way.”  So I picked out a black and pale pink dress that just made me swoon, and I figured black heels would be easiest to find. Lol I was so young and stupid.  Anyway we searched high and low right up until the week of prom, we drove to the US from Canada and looked there and I still couldn’t find a pair of heels that fit enough to buy and I decided I’d just wear uncomfy like always and deal with it.   Then I randomly walked into a thrift store and saw on the shoe rack a pair of pink heels in the exact shade of pink on my dress, with black trim. Picked them up, size 12W. They fit like they were made for me.   Wore them until they broke three years ago.
text:She definitely has personal style! Apparently she would be dressed primly in the middle of the night during college, at the typewriter. The Secret History remains one of my fave books..	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Revisiting Fall/Winter Favorites: N1 Deck Jackets pt2	labels:These are so sick but between owning a Levi’s Sherpa, a vintage M-65, and a vintage tanker style jacket (that I recently discovered is a helicopter pilot jacket) there’s no way to justify me owning one of these hahaha especially with the price point.    Totally understand the lack of style diversity though as these are hard to come by and expensive as all get out. Good album Hiroki :)	episode_done:True
text:What's on your 2021 fashion wishlist?	labels:Camel-colored coat (maybe Aritzia or MaxMara, trying to only ever buy one)  Cable-knit White sweater  Champagne-colored satin skirt  Black leather ankle boots (maybe Dear Frances)  Fun splurgey items: Chanel ‘19 purse, Chanel brooch, Merjuri jewelry
text:Glad you’re enjoying it! Personal style can be such art, and I agree that it impacts your head.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are some of your least favourite brands?	labels:I wouldn't say I inherently hate the brand but I think Champion is an example of a brand that exploded a few years back/to now basically all because some celebrities or whoever wore it- and everyone who wears it now is most likely a ding dong hypebeast type or the VSCO type girl or whatever. Like I'm old enough to remember it being bottom tier Wal Mart level shit you'd get borderline made fun of for wearing- but now all of the sudden it's enjoying this moment. So it's just that perceived inauthenticity and collective pivot in peoples' minds to a fashion name to people rather than just athletic apparel that irks me somehow.  However though, the Todd Snyder Champion stuff is PHENOMENAL- it's not the mainline stuff. You don't see any of those assholes rocking that.
text:Have people in your are eschewed down parkas for puffer jackets instead?	labels:It may be that the weather hasn't been cold enough for parkas yet. I type this as I am wearing my parka in 40F weather	episode_done:True
text:I’ve seen people say this, but tbh hoarding is something completely different from eccentricity. Rich or not, if your living space is unsanitary because you have too much crap in your house or your spending addiction damages your life, then you’re a hoarder.  If you just have unconventional style or make whimsical choices (like carefully curating an unusual collection) then you’re eccentric.   These words have completely different definitions.	labels:It is, of course, but for a lot of reasons mental illness in wealthy people gets labeled as eccentricity long after it would be called what it is for the rest of us. If you’ve got a huge house and help to clean it, you can hoard a lot more for a lot longer before you hit that unsanitary state you mention, for instance.	episode_done:True
text:What unknown/smaller brands should we all know about that don't often get posted here?	labels:I talked about them a bit after my previous post but Cosmic Drifters! Very pretty witchy boho style clothing with awesome looking prints. 1st you sel3ct what vlothing style you want and then you can select any of the prints they have available.  Some others i haven't bought from but really want to:   BadBunnyShop. They sell some underwear type clothing, skirts and dresses is really cool print. I perwonally really love the teeth and dinosaur bones prints.  Magnus_Clothing_Co. Loose collars to add to any clothing piece you want. They have some really cute designs too! After i had to throw out my collared sweather i realized how much i miss having collars, so i cannot wait to buy from them!	episode_done:True
text:I fold mine once over a wooden hanger	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 23, 2020	labels:i spent the last two months on a cop freeze / wardrobe cleanse and now i only wear greasy disneyland shirts and cum stained basketball shorts like a real lurker   pls enjoy my 2021 waywt fits
text:What if they write  > Budget is no issue, as long it's a reasonable price  Surely people like this deserve some sass, right?	labels:Or you could just explain why that's not helpful	episode_done:True
text:their print copies are awesome quality and super pretty, i have a few myself :)	labels:I was shocked by the size of the mag and how nice it was!!
text:"Which Sports Jacket Office Are You?" – Permanent Style	labels:Simon seriously has bespoke Levi's?
text:All things K-Fashion!	labels:I absolutely love Korean fashion! As someone who prefers to be covered up and likes loose/baggy fits, I’m in awe that that look can be pulled off with such modern  and classically feminine aesthetics (rather than frumpy or fundamentalist vibes).	episode_done:True
text:The idea of Ralph Lauren and the American aesthetic is still strong, but all that shit is made in cheap labour zones all over the world and that’s a huge problem.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How to Talk About Collared Shirts	labels:What a monumental effort this must’ve been to put together! Great work, especially appreciate the definition of basketweave... I have a McCoy’s shirt that is basketweave and it’s fabric has perplexed me for a while
text:I made the mistake of buying dusty pink gym leggings once... followed by a horrifying gym session where every time I spotted myself in the mirror I looked naked from the waist down.  They went straight to the charity shop!	labels:I nearly drove into a ditch once when I saw an older lady wearing only a big T-shirt getting her mail.  Nope. Skin-tone leggings.	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: What do your shoes say about you?	labels:Hey hey! You'd like to think you are creative and into fashion and not getting old but really you just wear the same pair of boots everyday because you have slowly started prioritizing comfort over style but still try to justify it as an actual ~aesthetic~ and totally not because you now have bunions and corns and fallen arches and other old feet problems (why do things between my toes now bother me?!). #Blundstones4Lyfe #oldhagat32
text:PSA: Revive by Rent the Runway via Thredup	labels:Far too expensive for what they are offering	episode_done:True
text:DAE feel a disconnect between fashion you see in movies or TV and fashion you see in real life?	labels:I dunno, I have no problem looking ‘overdressed’. I’ve always had the motto of ‘don’t dress down for anybody’ in my head. If you’re looking to look fancy, you do you. Don’t dull your shine, life is way too short.
text:Does anyone else feel that nothing is unfashionable nowadays?	labels:The present always feels “neutral”. I think if you watch any reality show from the early 2010s, even as late as 2014-15, you’ll see a big difference from what was considered “no defining silhouette” then. things like just a tshirt change slightly in cut and shape over time.
text:I don't respond for their benefit, but for the benefit of anyone reading who might be open to some fresh ideas.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:2020 Gift Megathread	labels:What do y’all get the men in your life? My brother, dad, brother in law and godfather are incredibly hard to shop for (brother and brother in law are 30s, dad and godfather are 60s).  EDIT: Thanks for the suggestions everyone. Socks, headphones and booze seem like they'd work best for my guys so far :)
text:The best plain t-shirt video guide — 11 t-shirts bought and tested	labels:Just wanted to add an update on the lady white clark tee. Apparently they restocked on the website today. Medium was out for months, I'd actually never seen it in stock even on other retailers (still don't) - so I think it goes without saying I grabbed one.   I'll likely post a review on the LW and RC tees. Hoping they're not just hype.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 22, 2020	labels:I want to incorporate a flannel jacket into my rotation of fits. But I'm not sure which kind of flannel to get or how to wear it.   I feel like some colors won't go with my skin tone (think light brown). So I was hoping the experts here could tell me which kind of flannel would go best.   And it's winter so I'd want a jacket (ish) to be able to wear it during 3/4 seasons. I don't know how to actually wear it. Ig the obvious answer is flannel over a plain color hoodie or shirt with black or navy jeans. Are there any creative and more fashionable ways to construct a fit with a flannel jacket?	episode_done:True
text:Inspiration has to come from somewhere: Skulls and Bones	labels:Really surprised that there isn't any Alexander Mcqueen given that the skull is the labels most common symbol/motif	episode_done:True
text:Is fast fashion really fast fashion if you get years of use out of the garments?	labels:> So where does that leave the consumer who has a closet full of items purchased at fast fashion retailers, but rarely makes new purchases and many of their current pieces have remained in their closet for years?   If you already have a closet full of fast fashion, taking good care of it and using it for as long as possible is the most ethical choice.  I'm in the same boat.  I'm doing a year of no new clothes/shoes purchases (only thrifted/poshmark) and I'm trying to only get things that are high quality and will last, even if they are used.    Most of these online clothing boutiques (at least the ones I see on Poshmark/Facebook/Instagram are not sourcing ethically produced items.  I'm sure there are some that are, but they all seem to have the same stuff and you can tell just from the photos that it's cheaply made.  Again, I haven't seen every online boutique there is so I'm sure there are some out there that are fine.	episode_done:True
text:Mmmm guys the “mock people asking honest, earnest questions” shit is getting a bit much.  By all means dunk on the haters, but this *is* still an advice sub. I spill on myself all the time.	labels:This is a good point and I will accept being owned online
text:/r/Malefashionadvice Best of 2020 voting & nomination thread	labels:Best dressed / Best WAYWT contributor
text:We have a "worn but not dirty" clothes chair in our room and honestly I hate it because it just piles up, and now you've solved it with your brilliant ladder, bless you.	labels:It need not be super expensive either, I got mine at Marshalls for $59!	episode_done:True
text:Call for Moderator Nominations & Applications	labels:Both myself and /u/halfthegoldtreasure would like to nominate /u/TheFlavorOfLife if he's willing.
text:Shitpost Saturday: Zoom Fashion Etiquette	labels:I make a Zoom background of my actual office just to confound philosophers  For clothes I wear the veil of ignorance
text:What’s your opinion on (modern) 90s-inspired fashion?	labels:I'm waiting until we get to the part of the baggy jeans trend when people learn about the ripped, soggy backs of their pant legs that come from the jeans dragging on the ground. Enough of that this time around and the trend will cycle to something else.  signed,  someone who dealt with many, many ripped jean legs.
text:I always have a food baby so leggings and a gigantic sweater is my daily look	labels:	episode_done:True
text:99% of reddit doesn’t take any form of design and art seriously unless it’s in the form of a tech product or another banal video game  Like I remember a heavily upvoted comment in a r/popular post that contemporary art is a front for money laundering	labels:Ugh. Let me take a break from reddit again. I don’t know why I come on here when the things I like discussing are discussed by people who not only lack nuance, but also obviously don’t know what they’re talking about.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 12, 2021	labels:dressing for temperature is kind of obvious, but does anyone take any other aspect of the weather into account when thinking of outfits?  for example, on windy days, sometimes I'll deliberately wear a long coat open over some layers just to see it flap around majestically ^maybejustmyanimeprotagonistweebdreamstalking
text:How do you style your existing wardrobe in a way that doesn’t get boring?	labels:Echoing a few suggestions here re: accessories and shoes with some examples I’ve done this fall/winter.  My standard fall/winter wardrobe is also a sweater, jeans and ankle boots. Some variations I’ve tried:  I saw Pinterest inspo of statement red socks with Oxfords and I usually only wear oxfords in spring/summer because it feels too cold in fall winter. I bought a pair of red/burgundy cashmere socks from j crew and wore those today with my black oxfords, black jeans and white sweater with black stripes.  Wearing “dressy” sneakers. I bought some MOMA vans, I have a out of burgundy suede and tweed new balance sneakers I wear to work and I want to get a basic black pair of adidas shoes. Similar goes for slip on sneakers, I have a pair of Kate spade leopard print Keds and a red leather pair of Olukais with a pretty floral design.  I have an amazing blanket scarf and even wearing a very thin black sweater or long sleeve t shirt with the blanket scarf I always get compliments even though that’s my comfy outfit. It’s not a chunky sweater but it’s still warm.  When I want to look a bit dressier I really do love wearing sweater dresses or just thicker regular dresses and tights/leggings with ankle boots as well. For slightly thinner dresses throwing a long cardigan over top.	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Fashion Grave Robbing	labels:I'm coming for your LV neverfull  "But it lasts forrrreverrrrr and it's an invessssstmenttttt!"  1. Not really, I have LL Bean bags that are in better shape than some of my friends' LV bags.   2. Unless you have a family of 4 paying $300/month to live inside it, it's not an investment.
text:Sustainability and "Indulgence" in Era of the Rona	labels:Well, I decided that becuase my current round of clothes is on its way out (bought three-four years ago, beginning and end of fifth grade) I’m sewing everything I can of the next one, and buying what I can’t custom (gloves, a scarf). Durable, in colours and materials I want, cheaper, and shouldn’t need replacing till the end of highschool (I started this year.). Added bonus is that I’ve never had a single store bought item fit before I altered it (I’ve altered everything I own at this point.) while stuff I sew fits first try. I posted my working list on r/capsulewardrobe recently.	episode_done:True
text:I’ve been doing this for years and never realized there was a name for it! Thank you haha.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:You can with a tuxedo. You can with silky pajamas and a robe. You probably shouldn't with anything close to business casual.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 01, 2021	labels:Hi all! I think this is the place for my comment/question. I've always been told my magazine and fashion outlets that dressing for my bodytype (atheletic boyish rectangle no stomach hips or boobs lol) that I needed to focus on creating the illusion of having curves and wear aline or circle skirts and frilly tops that put emphasis on my boobs. It works and I feel good, but when I take it off I start to feel like a fraud. Like I'm selling a body or image that isn't me and feel bad about it. I know its all about self love but I want to start dressing for MY body and feeling good not dressing to create a body I don't have
text:2020 Fall Fit Battle Conclusion and Discussion	labels:Congrats to /u/NgoKnows!  Absolutely deserved. I had a ton of fun this tournament and that last round especially. Thanks mods (esp /u/HalfTheGoldTreasure) for putting this on ❤️	episode_done:True
text:Which color palette do you hate wearing?	labels:All the fucking beige and oatmeal shades that have plagued fashion in the last decade. So ready for something with a little more life to it.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 16, 2020	labels:Anybody have recommendations for reasonably high quality, one-off T-shirt printing? Especially would be nice to have options for all-over, edge-to-edge printing, not just a chest logo or something. Most services I can find online seem to be low quality, or require you to order in batches, or only let you print within a limited area on the chest.	episode_done:True
text:I suspect this comparison is for the people who do care	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Strictly for casual purposes, I agree that there's a lot of overlap between the navy chinos and the dark denim, assuming they both have a similar cut and are both a similar shade of navy. However, I think the chinos can still lend themselves to a somewhat less casual look (even though the overall outfit is still casual) - for example, a polo and navy chinos has a different overall look than the same polo and jeans, even if the jeans are the same color and cut as the chinos. But not a dramatically different look.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 31, 2020	labels:Are puffer jackets passé?
text:Lightly worn, new, vintage, or maybe even heavily worn rare stuff. People buy everything. I recommend finding stuff you like and then posting here for feedback. You’ll limit yourself too much if you restrict your search to certain sellers.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 15, 2020	labels:Checking the post history of every piece of work on people complaining on fashion posts is always infinitely informing.
text:Are there any actual fashion trends in 2020?	labels:Tie dye was EVERYWHERE.
text:What are you trying to reply to?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Don’t tempt me	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I just had my first and none of this happened to me. When I gave birth right away I dropped 20 lbs and I went back to my pre-pregnancy weight in about a month or two—but not for any reason other than that my baby girl was big! And I’m not. She was 9.4 lbs at birth so all that weight was literally baby and fluids. Also, constantly carrying a baby does in fact tone your muscles. I’m stronger now than I was pre-baby 😂	labels:Interesting. I had a 9 lb 6 oz baby and came home from the hospital only like 11 pounds lighter. Everybody is different. Also I hate you. (Totally kidding but if I was within a year postpartum I probably wouldn’t be)	episode_done:True
text:!mfaimgbot 31	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 24, 2020	labels:I had spaghetti last night and spilled some sauce on my RC tee and  I blame all of you. I hope you're happy.
text:VF to Acquire Supreme, Valuing Brand at $2.1 Billion-plus	labels:Supreme is a terrible brand	episode_done:True
text:Suit Supply Review Times Two	labels:I too had two different experiences.  My first suit I purchased at the Philadelphia store.  They sized me at a 46R and I paid over $100 for alterations.  I lost about 20lbs in the following years and needed to get the suit altered.  This time I took it to the KoP store where they said I should not have been sized at a 46R and had to pay $100 in alterations.  They sized me for a new suit and minor alterations at no charge to me.	episode_done:True
text:If you like ______, you might like ______.	labels:How do you ladies find all these brands?! Love this thread.	episode_done:True
text:What rules do you break for your body type?	labels:I’m pretty tall but I like to wear really high heels sometimes even though I tower over pretty much everyone. Sometimes people make stupid comments but I don’t care
text:Saturday Vibe Check - February 06, 2021	labels:I love this.   Whole roasted chickens.   The work of Kazimir Malevich.   Don Draper’s ex-wives.   Rustic bread.   Praxiteles.   Farmland of the European Low Country.   Andrew Georgiades.
text:I've now found this website called "aesthetics wiki" and it is possibly the most dweeby thing I have ever seen. And I've been around various fashion communities for years now. I can't look away. Send help.	labels:Amazing. What are you supposed to do with that wiki? Pick a page and rearrange your personality around it?
text:How do comfort vs. style compare in what bottoms you wear?	labels:I mostly wear jeans/pants and I find them to be very comfortable personally. I'm honestly always a little surprised that they're so uncomfortable for most people. Most of my discomfort in skirts/dresses is mental (I just don't feel like me when I wear them).   I think if you enjoy wearing skirts you should keep wearing them, nothing wrong with that. If it's a seasonal thing maybe fleece stockings or something like that will allow you to wear them in the cooler months.
text:I know what you mean and I agree. I don't particularly like the tone of the article, and the man himself is defensive in his instagram bio:   > I am just a straight, happily married guy that loves Porsches, beautiful women and incorporating high heels and skirts into my daily wardrobe.   In other words, "I like cars and hot women, so I'm manly. I just happen to like women's clothes too. But really, I'm manly." It reads like a masc gay guy trying to distance himself from "the fems".   Despite all of that, considering where most of the western world is regarding gender roles and expression, I think highlighting something like this is important because you don't typically see successful corporate boomer men in very obvious womenswear, especially at work. So even though there are plenty of issues here I think the visibility is important.	labels:Oh shoot didn't even realize you were the one who posted this. Pretty much agreed on all points.	episode_done:True
text:FAQ: How do I pick the right size buying online?	labels:My normal ways are:  \- Know your measurements - Not foolproof as I found out when ordering a navy blazer online recently but certainly helps you out, especially on places like eBay  \- Ordering multiple sizes when shopping somewhere new - Technically cheating maybe and not always a viable option at high price points but this is generally a good way to see how a particular retailer fits you  \- Stick to retailers whose sizing you trust - This is obviously very limiting but sometimes I just want to try a style and I know the Uniqlo version will fit me well.   &#x200B;  As a side note too, when you try things on from brands, take pictures and save them. Then you can build up a catalogue of the ways retailers fit. This helps when you look back in six months and are tempted to reorder that thing you've been eying because you can't remember why you sent it back.	episode_done:True
text:Buying vs selling on resell websites	labels:I bought/sold on Poshmark when it was starting to get popular, and found great deals and sold pretty easily on it. I stopped a year later - by that time, I had started seeing wholesale distributers flooding the site and making it alot harder for me to find actual used clothing for decent prices. I'd agree that there are likely too many sellers now compared to buyers - or at least too much merchandise compared to buyers. To me, that makes Poshmark too much like Ebay, and is no longer as distinct a platform as it used to be.  Edit: typos
text:General Discussion - November 05	labels:Can’t remember which of you nerds did the inspo album but Uniqlo had the white wide work pants on sale for $20 when I went in to do a return so hopefully a fit tomorrow.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 06, 2021	labels:fkin trump, mows down BLM protesters at the earliest opportunity but when his supporters riot he uploades a video on twitter asking them to go home
text:Casual Blazer Inspo	labels:Anyone know something similar to the army green blazer in #23?	episode_done:True
text:I think there are probably ways a little more centional to style an unstructured blazer casually that wouldn't make normies uncomfortable.	labels:My point is that something as simple as an unstructured blazer does make normies uncomfortable outside of “formal” situations. Whether people on this sub like it or not.
text:Married dad-of-three wears skirts and heels to work ‘because he can’	labels:looks ugly to me	episode_done:True
text:For those who won't/can't go out for Halloween: what are your favourite costumes from past years?	labels:I have about a 95% screen accurate Indiana Jones Raiders costume that I meticulously put together over a year. Movie dirt details and all. Even the chin scar. Went to a convention and got a free pic with Sean Patrick Flannery because HE wanted a picture with ME.   I say 95% because the screen accurate whip and boots are unbelievably expensive, although I do at least have a whip that is the proper length and plait count.
text:Holy shit is right, damn!!	labels:Lemme guess, three figures?  Of course they are lol.	episode_done:True
text:I know “fashion” but people of minorities are always forced to try better. Some Insights	labels:Same thing in Bulgaria. If I go out wearing a hoodie and jeans I’ll get stopped by the cops almost 80% of the time.  If I go out for work, where I have to wear a shirt, blazer and so on, business casual. I have no problem. Even the cops that stopped me yesterday don’t recognize me.  And I am as white as they make’em. It’s just that cops and people in general around the world share the same biases...  We also have a saying here that translates roughly to “First impression is from your dress, last impression from your brains/wits.”	episode_done:True
text:### Crossbody Bags	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Mayhem at Uniqlo in Japan as customers fight to grab the Jil Sander collection	labels:only thing i could cop were the chinos and the chesterfield wool coat. First impressions: Really damn good. The chinos are thick, stretchy and have an really unique cut. The chesterfield is fully lined, the cut is generous and slightly oversized as you'd expect and the  wool is much thicker than your average uniqlo jacket. Kept me pretty warm.      Wish i could get the other pieces but they sold out so quick	episode_done:True
text:you got disssss	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I was actually gonna do that one in my next review!! Definitely one of favorites that I own and have tried out!!	labels:Nice! I just looked again and I'm glad they have 3 packs of multiple colors. But Im sad I didn't get the plaid ones earlier since they're no longer made	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 21, 2020	labels:Does anybody know who does manufacturing for Todd Snyder, Aimé Leon Dore, or any of the mid-market streetwear brands? I'm curious how they actually find somebody to build such quality products, seems like finding manufacturers is an insanely difficult task.
text:Deceptive Marketing Practices by Fashion Companies	labels:Speaking of deceptive marketing practices, I just got this email:   Notice of Class Action Settlement  If you purchased any Coach Outlet Merchandise discounted from a “MFSRP,” you may be eligible to receive a payment from a class action Settlement.  If you purchased any of Defendant Coach, Inc.’s (“Defendant” or “COACH”) outlet Merchandise[1] offered at a discount from a “MFSRP,” you may be eligible to receive a payment from a class action settlement (“Settlement”). The lawsuit against Defendant alleges that the “MFSRP” statements on the tags of the Merchandise offered at a discount from a “MFSRP” are misleading because they included the price of its retail goods, creating the false impression that its outlet store Merchandise was once sold in COACH’s full-line retail stores and was of the same quality and workmanship as merchandise sold in COACH’s full-line retail stores. Defendant denies any and all wrongdoing of any kind whatsoever and denies any liability to Plaintiffs and to the Settlement Class. The Court has not decided who is right. Both sides have agreed to settle the dispute and provide an opportunity for payments and other benefits to Settlement Class Members. The case is called Marino, et al v. Coach, Inc., Lead Case Number 1:16-cv-01122-VEC (OTW).   **I’m quite pleased. I always thought the Made-For-Outlet-Markdown-From-MSRP was super shady.**	episode_done:True
text:How has lockdown affected new purchases?	labels:I've sold a few clothes I never really wore. Bought one jumper/sweater, a few thermal layers and soft wool casual trousers for working at home. I can wear sweatpants but it doesn't really get me in the working mood, you know?   My best purchase was probably 2 crossbody bags. A cheap one off Uniqlo and a Peak Design bag off eBay for mega cheaps. Easy to throw on, put a mask in, small water bottle, or whatever when I decide to go for a quick walk-break. And the peak design is slightly padded and larger which helps for cameras or small food shops lol.  I *do* have some stuff I want to buy, but honestly it's more lust than utilitarianism. I have enough shoes and jackets as it is. If I bought something new I'd feel obliged to sell something of mine.
text:> Listened to the same song 300 times in three days (I remember writing a 15000 word paper from scratch that week). I do tend to use music for its psychoactive properties more than anything else. >  >   Gibe song deets I need to finish a paper for mid Jan and... *effort*.	labels:I'm only a litle ashamed to say that it is *The Red Baron* by Sabaton. Keeps me awake and energised. Extremely juvenile. Number 2 for this purpose is *Bück Dich Hoch* ("Bend Yourself Up") by German Electropunk band *Deichkind*, which is a parody on "entrepreneurial thinking". Basically the singer is shouting that you should work yourself to death. Highly effective.  Sabaton's *The Great War* album also deserves like 40% of the credit for me always having fully prepared teaching material this year. Should really throw them a thank you in my next book.
text:General Discussion - November 29, 2020	labels:Don't Starve Together is fun but also demotivating	episode_done:True
text:My thoughts of the Cote&Ciel Isar L after a year	labels:How's the waterproofing/water resistance of the material?
text:Are LBD’s really a MUST?	labels:I think it is a must as much as the trench or the white button down - it does not necessarily work for all of us, either our lifestyles or bodies.  Trench coats were invented when people wore hats, hence no hood, and they are IMO impractical for rain compared to hooded raincoats and can drown a lot of women's bodies particularly if they are not tall. Or if they bike, or whatever.   Little black dresses were probably a fantastic idea in the 60s, where women would dress formally for the office, or go to cocktail parties afterward. Right now I think the LBD probably is good for one thing, the specific cocktail or aperos or dunno a party given by your inlaws or something. I think it is something work having - but buy it cheap and/or in sale because likely you will not wear it lots... And focus on fitting (not too tight, not too short), if you find an affordable one which fits great and you have the budget/space, worth having. But do not go all check-list getting.	episode_done:True
text:Is Yesstyle a good website to buy clothes from	labels:most of the things you can find for half the price on Taobao by image searching but yes style is easier to use and a good entry into the 'relaxed asian street wear' aesthetic.	episode_done:True
text:What are your favorite bags at the moment?	labels:I’ve been eyeing all of the Jwpei bags. They’re vegan and quite affordable for the style and colors!	episode_done:True
text:Sharing the Pants: Androgyn-ish trends album	labels:Lol is that Mireille Mathieu ? Great album but the way!	episode_done:True
text:I hadn’t considered climatization! that’s a really helpful tip.	labels:Yay! Glad to be of help	episode_done:True
text:What are the Recurring Motifs, Symbols, or Images in your Style?	labels:Colour block squares and rectangles. I wish I was a walking Rothko : D	episode_done:True
text:I made a Hoodie spreadsheet to help you with sizing	labels:Spreadsheet is locked, you need to give access
text:See ya met. Come back when you're ready.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 25, 2020	labels:I just remembered that about a year ago there was a trend to add age/location/occupation to your WAYWT. Good times.
text:Especially relevant with the rise in popularity of satin skirts!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Alexander Wang faces sexual assault allegations	labels:Yikes I'm gonna sell all my scoop tees by him. I am very disappointed in him.	episode_done:True
text:What's the pandemic equivalent to "I spent the summer backpacking through Europe and I'm now a *totally* different person they just do things differently over there"	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 10, 2020	labels:Any recommendations for a white or natural pair of work pants? Ideally looking for a pair with a taper or slimmer fit. I have the Stan Ray Slim Fatigues (which I love), but looking for something with a beefier material!	episode_done:True
text:don't wake me, i plan on sleeping in: a sunday morning inspo album	labels:cozy vibesssss	episode_done:True
text:How do you shop for specific things without google clogging up with items from fast fashion? Or. How do you find the real designer of a fast fashion item?	labels:Sort prices by high to low - you'll see the most expensive (most likely designer) version of the piece first.	episode_done:True
text:Craig Green Spring 2021 Menswear Collection	labels:Call me crazy, but Craig Green has never done anything for me.  Sure, stuff like 1, 4, 6, 11 looks good, but is ultimately fairly ordinary (and I just don't think making stuff padded is all that innovative).  Fashion-as-art-onto-itself stuff like 10, 17, 22 also looks good (and I guess it earns him his avantgarde cred), but doesn't filter down to the stores.  So there is this gap between fairly ordinary stuff and out-there artworks that he can't seem to fill. But in that gap lives the stuff I'd like to wear.
text:What are your coziest winter finds/essentials?	labels:Carhartt overalls. I thought I might need snow pants for extra dog walks this year since I'm still working from home. However, snow pants seemed hard though and I just settled on some carhartt overalls with legging/pajama bottoms underneath.   So far, I'm pretty dang cozy on daily walks and it can double mucking around clothes.	episode_done:True
text:What Do You Wear With Strong Sentimental Value?	labels:My pops watch.  Can't wear it often, because it brings a lot of emotions.	episode_done:True
text:Have your clothing purchases dramatically dropped now that we can't go anywhere?	labels:Yes... until this month when I just went fuck it, and splurged on a bunch of loungewear. And now I’ve been bitten by the shopping bug again and want all the shoes, and contemplating whether I would actually wear a leather button up or if it’s just sit in my closet looking pretty...
text:Does anyone have tips on how to find good stuff from Poshmark and other online thrift shopping platforms?	labels:Filters are your friend. I like to start with brand - otherwise the search is way too broad and overwhelming. If you fill in your sizing the app will automatically filter out things that will not fit you (which culls the list quite a bit). If you find an item you like try looking through the seller’s other listings as well- often I’ll find other items that appeal to my taste or discover new brands this way. I think you can suss out a lot about the seller based on the way they describe the items & pics they take too - someone who just Marie kondo’d their closet will have different kinds of items than someone who sells as a side hustle  The big appeal to me is the thrill of the hunt!! Happy shopping :)	episode_done:True
text:As the great philosopher said, "be the change you want to see in the [sub]"	labels:Yeah I would be down to post it. I didn't know if I was allowed to hijack a recurring thread like that as a lowly end-user.
text:What is something you've heard as fashion advice that isn't worth following?	labels:"Never mix gold and silver" I actually like it and nobody's gonna stop me from doing it 😂
text:Does anyone else wear one brand only?	labels:About 80% of my wardrobe is Eileen Fisher---partly because I still pick up occasional shifts from the store and I get a discount there and "first dibs" on returns and sale items. I have a sprinkling of other brands like Target's house brands, J. Crew, H&M, Ganni, Lewit, Vince, Maison Scotch, Cinq et Sept, Noblu, Cynthia Ashby, Flax, and Sun Kim, but it's almost all EF.	episode_done:True
text:Do You Ever See A Cute Outfit, Try To Replicate It And End Up Hating It On Yourself? How Did You Fix That? Did You Ever Get The Answer As To Why It Didn't "Look Right" On You?	labels:Half the time it’s because it needs to be tailored :)  The other half it’s because it doesn’t work on my body shape	episode_done:True
text:WAYWT - December 02, 2020	labels:Cold today!  Scarosso white German military sneakers  Navy Herringbone socks  J Crew chinos in gold-brown  Fabric striped D-ring belt in light blue and white, also from J Crew  Light blue mélange button down spread collar Oxford shirt from Weekdays  Lardini olive green herringbone cotton overshirt  Red Mughal print scarf from Drake’s  Double breasted navy wool topcoat from Tagliatore  Cashmere lined tobacco leather gloves from Dent’s
text:Green Queens: An Inspo Album	labels:Man i want those dark emerald blazers and trenches so bad. They look so classy!	episode_done:True
text:Tips for reducing impulse buying/careless spending?	labels:I've been in the same boat!   This may be counterintuitive but I had to be honest with myself about how much I love dressing up: a while ago I decided to make space in my budget for clothes after I tried spending $0 and failed miserably. Paired with a closet assessment of needs vs wants AND actually making a monthly budget, I've been able to curb my impulse purchases.	episode_done:True
text:Clark's Wallabees	labels:I fucking *love* Wallabies. Thanks for the album!	episode_done:True
text:What are the most recommended items of this subreddit?	labels:Ever heard of killshots
text:Turtlenecks as a Base Layer - Inspiration Album	labels:Love a turtleneck. I had been wearing one under a blazer to the office back in Feb/March before WFH started. Definitely going to bust it out under a flannel or something this winter.	episode_done:True
text:Stay In-Vested	labels:WHERE’S THE BATTLE JACKETS THIS IS BATTLE JACKET ERASURE I’M BOYCOTTING HIROKI   great album looking forward to what you’ve got cooking up next!	episode_done:True
text:A black denim jacket is one of the easiest things to wear	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Somebody else loosing so much time to choose the right item to buy when looking for something? I feel it cost me more in time when I try to buy responsibly.	labels:For me, it's not time-consuming. This might be because in a shopping year, I'm shopping at least one season ahead. I also pop into thrift shops regularly for 5-10 mins at a time with a strict list. The list doesn't just include clothes, so my successful trips tend to be high. I don't thrift shop online. The one time I took the risk, I regretted it. It's way more expensive and it's risky so I don't bother with it.	episode_done:True
text:A complete capsule wardrobe - casual version	labels:Nice pictures, bro.    (just kidding—great post!)
text:An Introduction to Japanese Menswear Magazines	labels:Are any of these in English?
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 24	labels:Anyone have any saved inspo pics of that Story Mfg ecru shirt jacket with the palm trees on it? I know I definitely see it here all the time but can't find any pics. Thinking about picking one up and looking for ideas on what to wear it with.	episode_done:True
text:Almost everyone around me and probably everyone in a 200 kilometer radius dresses like ass, both men and women. I still value them as people, because while fits are very interesting to look at for 5 minutes max (after which it's just pretty much just more clothes) a developed personality is endlessly fascinating.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:If you’re not yet ready to commit to investing in an expensive good quality winter coat (long ones are indeed more expensive!) before you get to feel out conditions for your new climate—an intermediate solution I recommend is that you wear a light/thinner puffer & a waterproof rain coat over it. Your puffer will keep you warm (and you can wear it solo on clear days) and the raincoat will give you snow/wind protection. They will also trap heat and warm the *air* surrounding your body, which is key!  Costco base layers are also wonderful quality and super affordable (and I think you can get them delivered online). I wore them on a pre-pan trip to Iceland during NOVEMBER and I would have to like race to rip them off when we got indoors because I would begin literally sweating lol but so warm when outside!	labels:Even a fleece and a raincoat will keep you warm. Unbreathable jackets really trap in heat!	episode_done:True
text:Let's talk about sleepwear-- what are your favorite pjs?	labels:I sleep naked so I basically use pyjamas as house clothes. I really like matching sets to feel a bit more together. I recently bought 2 sets from Cyber Jammies (not sure if they're UK only) and I love them. Really comfy and so many cute styles. I also loved that I could mix and match type of bottoms and tops i.e. shorts/ trousers and cami/ t-shirt/ button up and I could get different sizes for top and bottom (hello pear shape).
text:That's the same outfit that first caught my eye when I watched it too! I'm glad you enjoyed the album :)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I have an almost-completely sheer white jumpsuit with embroidered flowers on it that is super cute but when I wear it I feel like I’m wearing a clown suit. Wide legs, low crotch, etc. But inevitably when I wear it (with a super annoying bodysuit underneath because you can See Everything without it) it’s a total head turner, random people off the street tell me how much they like it, etc.   It’s a beautiful piece of clothing, but I’m self conscious and irritated by it when I wear it. Such a bummer!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Tips for feeling confident when wearing stylish clothes around family?	labels:Omg love this thread. I feel so self conscious around my family when i feel like I’m wearing a cute outfit	episode_done:True
text:Is there a fashion show that is widely considered to be the greatest show of all time?	labels:There are some old shows on YouTube...I’d say one from the 20s where Coco introduces THE suit or LBD   Or Lagerfelds 1st show w Chanel in 80s	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 26, 2020	labels:Haven't quite decided if I want to go to a family gathering or just stay home. All the roommates went home and I have the house to myself and its low-key depressing during the day and scary at night.
text:No Cop January - End of the Month Check In	labels:I bought a hat to support a little brand I like, but that was it!!! I like all the clothes I already have, but I also *really* enjoy growing and developing my wardrobe. I just like clothes too much to ever really (completely) stop copping.   Now time to enjoy Five Cop February	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 04, 2020	labels:Hey folks. I was thinking about buying myself a jacket/ outerwear as a gift for myself for the holidays. Anybody have any jackets they’re excited about right now? I don’t have anything specific in mind and all my searches have yielded disappointing results. Only criteria is that I would prefer it to be less than $40. Thanks!
text:What inspired your passion/love for fashion?	labels:it started as a joke... me and my equally poor friends would browse designer websites from all the major fashion houses in our common room at private school. i started reading about fashion in the library, watching biographical documentaries about designers, and slowly i began to recognise key signposts for certain designers, seasons, etc. soon enough i'd see my friends in an outfit and be able to say 'it reminds me of x designer's 2008 pre-fall collection'. i made the effort to understand the gibberish about inspirations for the season, began to make links, and yes implement a few style points in my own wardrobe on the way.  it started because i was sure it was something i'd never be able to have.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 08, 2020	labels:How do you call the clothing style present in the Professor Layton games and Attack on Titan anime? And where can i find some inspo/discussion on it
text:Sage de Cret Fall/Winter 2020	labels:The SWOOT!  &#x200B;  noice.	episode_done:True
text:If you like ______, you might like ______.	labels:Here’s a cheaper one!  I’d you like Madewell, you might like Universal Thread (Target).
text:What I have to do is buy the tights for the larger waist size.  If I size up based upon weight, there's enough extra fabric I can pull the tights all the way up.  The problem then only is that they'll slip every once in a while.  I'm starting to think that a garter and thigh highs may be the new way to go.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:the flair is well earn, i was biting my nails cause it was within 3 votes all weekend, wasn't even willing to look	labels:Oh hell yeah! glad I could keep it competitive, I’ll be rooting for ya in the rounds to come	episode_done:True
text:Where do you get good quality, legit wool sweaters that won't rip/shrink after washing?	labels:I haven't washed my new wool sweaters yet but I handwashed the armpits of one sweater using woolite and it worked really well. I've been wearing t shirts or undershirts under my sweaters so they last longer between washes - this also reduces the scratchiness. Maybe this would help preserve your sweaters?	episode_done:True
text:Happy 11/11 - the day that most resembles corduroy	labels:No cords for me, but vertical stripes. 11/11!	episode_done:True
text:What do you carry in your handbag?	labels:Phone, two key fobs, wallet, mask, travel size hand sanitizer, pen,sunglasses at minimum.	episode_done:True
text:Omg are the sheertex tights actually good?? I've been thinking about getting them 👀	labels:I bought a few pairs during their October sale and I love them so far! Usually my dog's claws tear my tights within one or two wears but the sheertex pairs are holding up to my abuse very well.
text:Summer outfit inspiration: An inspo album and 6 lessons on how to make complete outfits even when you are dying of heat stroke	labels:What a well thought through album! Thanks for all the inspiration.	episode_done:True
text:I looooove the Dionysus. So chic!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Rugbies are sick: an inspo album	labels:Ooooooo cuffed wides, rugby, and loafers are a *move*. Gotta try that.  Barbarian are good in Canada, too.	episode_done:True
text:damn Fred Perry can't catch a break  UK: associated with hooligans  US: Associated with proud boys	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The Business of Markups on Logo T-Shirts. Why You Shouldn't Drop $600 on a Gucci Tee	labels:Fuckbois will be fuckbois.     And you don't find more fuckbois then Gucci fanbois.	episode_done:True
text:TheRealReal x Gucci	labels:I think it was more an attention grabber than anything else. I doubt it’s gonna make an impact on the amount of Gucci people buy. But making it sound like a collaboration (or sale) will get more people to click the newsletter.
text:Bags that are actually beautiful - what are you loving?	labels:I got a Danse Lente Phoebe bag for Christmas and I really love it. Very unique and architectural without being kitsch.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 09, 2020	labels:What is a good alternative to Ray-bans? Lost my black rubberized and polarized ones that I really liked, but would like to explore options that don't support Luxottica. Only requirements in the classic rectangular ray ban shape and polarized.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 25, 2020	labels:Why do people ask if it’s ok to wear WW2 era German military garments casually? Why is this not even the first time people have asked this? Why is the reaction to being told no “well, but what about”? Are my expectations just too high or???  Like, I think choosing to cosplay as a WW2 Gerrman soldier in your free time is incredibly sus to begin with but at least that’s under the pretext “reenactment” but why do you think it’s ok to just throw on random articles of clothing from that group for going around town?
text:“I'm all locked down with nowhere to go – but that hasn't killed my lust for fashion”	labels:This! I want to wear all the colors! Also feathers and sequins and hats and gloves!	episode_done:True
text:Hot Southern Gothic Summer / Inspo album / Because we needed another for 2021!	labels:Love this album! Sheer cotton prints with pintucks and scoop necks, prarie skirts and lace-up boots, pearls and a gold Merle Norman powder compact. Still waiting for lace gloves to make a comeback.  Books: Their Eyes Were Watching God- Zora Neale Hurston, Interview With the Vampire- Anne Rice (naturally), Anansi Boys- Neil Gaiman  Movies: Eve's Bayou, Frailty, The Dressmaker (Australian but vibes)  Mood tracks: The Big Easy by Zoe Boekbinder, Even the Devil Gets Right Someday by Chris McDermott	episode_done:True
text:Colour/Style Matching - How do I figure out the potential of my wardrobe?	labels:Like many others have said, just try stuff on!  It can be a bit exhausting but you can pick one one item that you would like to focus on (a top that you recent bought or pants that you never got the chance to wear) and start trying on different pieces until you get an outfit that you like with that piece!  I find that this way makes the process less overwhelming and is an easy way to incorporate new pieces into your cycle.   You can also try and replicate an outfit that you see on Instagram or even google an “aesthetic” that you’re interested in with what you have in your closet!	episode_done:True
text:Top of WAYWT - November 2020	labels:I don’t understand the whole thing with pants that are way too short.
text:Yeah I just mentally put off having kids for another ten years 🙃	labels:Okay this is so random but I love your handle. Someone called me a vicious trollop once in high school and it has stuck with me for over 10 years 😂 does it come from somewhere?
text:Good suggestion! Thanks	labels:Also look at second hand/thrift shops/eBay. You can get some good deals without buying items you intend to get rid of later from AliExpress or similar. When you’re ready to upgrade (or if it’s not for you), just give it back to charity/thrift shop for them to sell on again.	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Advice on Learning How to Hate Fashion	labels:Look, why can’t I just wear a latex bandage dress to my grandma’s funeral? It accentuates my waist, unlike all the boxy, drapey black clothes in the stores these days. I need to feel like a strong, confident woman in my replica YSL Tribunes, and if anyone calls me inappropriately dressed, it’s because they’re jealous frumps.	episode_done:True
text:DAE feel they made incredibly ODD fashion purchases, this year in 2020?	labels:I’m usually a bigger shopper but since covid hit I haven’t bought a single item of clothing beyond face masks. I lost my job and am still unemployed, and just don’t see the point right now. I daydream about when I finally get a job and am able to replace my clothes that I got the most part don’t like anymore. But when things are safe enough to go places again I want all new clothes completely free of the memories of this year.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 26, 2020	labels:Can someone recommend me some plain black shoes similar to vans authentics? I bought a pair a month ago but disliked how "low" they were.	episode_done:True
text:Pierre Cardin: French fashion giant dies aged 98	labels:Fashion giant.  Just wears suits. The area with least changes in hundred years	episode_done:True
text:Got it, thanks. Its kinda tricky to get a real "no-show" sock to actually disappear in low shoes, but I hear your point.	labels:Women's invisible socks in Penney's do the job. Think they do men's invisible ones too that work with Vans.	episode_done:True
text:Is the high fashion industry a little tone-deaf for F/W 2020?	labels:You know not everyone is privileged enough to have a work from home job right now right? And to pay for grocery delivery? And to have access to private outdoors spaces? Some people still have to leave the house and would like to look stylish doing so.
text:Good Cheap Stuff Appreciation	labels:Just as a general comment:  Duluth Trading has great stuff both workwear and more traditional.  Their No Bull (1yr return + lifetime manufacturing) guarantee is phenomenal too.	episode_done:True
text:Dae get overwhelmed by fashion?	labels:This is probably an unpopular opinion here since a lot of the ffa users think fashion is a manual that you have to study, but if you don't like colours? Don't wear em. Don't like jewelry or makeup? Don't wear em. It's just body covers- do what makes you feel good. Not everyone was made to be a timeless, effortless fashionista. We don't all need to look like an off duty Instagram influencer and shouldn't have to dress a certain way because someone on the Internet said it was 'right.	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone else have “irony pieces”?	labels:A long time ago, a friend at work told me no one would take me seriously as long as I wore cheapo pantyhose.  I looked down at my crappy nylons and actually felt cheap. I went to Nordtroms that night and bought presentable nylons and wore them to work the next day. She nodded in approvement and then told me no one would take me seriously as long as I wore cheap sweaters. I then bought a wildly pretty ivory cable knit sweater and wore it to work and feeling quite exactly like 1000000 bucks AND i had fancy nylons too. She told me no one would take me seriously with my unkempt shoes and that's when I learned the power of a shoe shining kit.  The next day I wore crappy slacks...and, well you know how the story goes.  To this very day I wear natty clothes and shoes so shiney they can blind fleet of Greek warriors.  The only real irony is no one gave a tootie about nylons and yet I still wear them despite all evidence to the contrary....and she threw al hers away after our company got bought out by another and they were no longer required. (I point at my perfectly appointed knees).
text:Inspiration Has to Come From Somewhere: FireFighters	labels:You guys don't seem to be in the tapered pants look anymore but i feel like some of those coats would work well with slightly tapered jeans and boots or sneakers like the 2nd and 8th fit.	episode_done:True
text:Can you build a wardrobe off Amazon?	labels:A huge chunk of my wardrobe is built out from Amazon. I add everything to a list, and wait until Amazon's algorithms decide they need to sell it for $6. They also offer Tall sizes on quite a lot of items, which is great for having sleeves that fit.  Uniqlo for jeans, Amazon's Peak Velocity brand for Tshirts, and Goodthreads for everything else is what I would do if I had to start from Scratch.  If there's a certain type of item your looking for, feel free to ask for recommendations and I can send you a link to what I'd look at.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 21, 2020	labels:Can anyone comment on the fit of the Belstaff Racemaster? I’m 5’8 180lb, it sounds like with all these european brands it’s more intended for slimmer taller people.	episode_done:True
text:What are some habits that keep clothes/shoes new vs that habits that ruin them?	labels:This is more of a presentation tip that I read on reddit and have been doing. As soon as clothes come out of the dryer, I go through each item (including underwear and snip any loose threads, check for any loose buttons and quickly resew, and check for any pulled threads or stains that didn't come out. This makes my clothes look so much more polished!	episode_done:True
text:From my own experience, I'd say the best made "vintage" Andrew Marc leather jackets are better than a lot of "mall" brand leather jackets I've owned or tried like Kenneth Cole, Tommy Hilfiger, Reilly Olmes, Ralph Lauren Chaps. I have a Ralph Lauren POLO leather jacket (original MSRP $695) from 1999 made of a heavy leather that has held up wonderfully over the years and I'd say is better than the best Andrew Marc I've tried (but my experience is limited--there may be "gems" out there, like limited editions).	labels:90s Polo is kind of golden era polo, somewhat different to what we have 20 odd years later.      RL Polo iteration one happens in 67' , RRL comes in 93', and then Purple label is in 94', but over the years I think the gap in quality has really widened sadly.
text:Thanks man!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Kaptain Sunshine Fall/Winter 2020	labels:Discovered this brand a while ago on instagram, and it's really one of my favorites. Definitely gonna buy if I ever get rich. Great post !	episode_done:True
text:The best running shorts — 12 pairs tested (full post in comments)	labels:Patagonia Strider Pros. Looks great, comfortable, has FOUR stretch pockets that ride on the hip perfectly and one zip pocket. I can fit my phone, which doesn’t move and is barely noticeable, as well as 6 granola bars in these shorts with the zipper pocket still being free. Best $60 I’ve ever spent, will go nowhere near those $160 shorts.	episode_done:True
text:I'll look at those and see if i find anything, thank you! will write these down!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Do you have a childhood fashion icon? If so, does their influence show up in your wardrobe today?	labels:When I was a child, I looked mostly towards like tween and teen fashion rather than adult fashion. I loved Sabrina the Teenage Witch and Mary Kate and Ashley Olson. They were all like the epitome of the sweet-normal-but-stylish-girl-next door characters. Outfits always cute, but accessible/not over the top
text:Fall 2020 Fit Battle - Elite 8 - Discussion	labels:Only 8 people so I can stand to do a write up this time.   *HalfTheGold vs. Plasma*  Both pretty solid fits. Plasma edged this one out for me just because Chuck's seemed a bit too similar to last week. I do wish Plasma's trousers leaned a bit more to one extreme of fit, to me they seem in kind of a no man's land of straight.  *Raiora vs. Sal*  Tough one to pick for me. Raiora always brings a crazy mix of pieces together and they always work so well. However, this time I think the trousers were a bit too flat looking in texture compared to the guage of the cardigan. Sals fit was unexpected but good, the overlapping layers and texture mixing was really cool imo.  *Joel vs. Ngo*  I went back and forth on this one for awhile, definitely most difficult match-up for me. Both had some very similar ideas with silhouette, both executed very well. My personal preference is towards Ngo as I really liked the subtle textures displayed in his detail shot, but in the end I copped out and voted for both.  *Chunsak vs. Comeback*  Always love seeing what these guys bring to the table. Both their fits are great, but Chunsak going maximal English countryside estate owner won me over in the end.	episode_done:True
text:Also, for travel, denim sucks. I have been to 40ish countries, so I am somewhat open minded about different cultures, but one area I have unguarded, unabashed chauvinism is in the supremacy of American dryers. Dealing with crappy unvented combo washer+dryer units, or waiting 2 days for jeans to air dry in a hostel is no fun.	labels:The clear problem is that you've chosen to wash your denim rather than live in the muck	episode_done:True
text:MFA Style Starter Packs - User edition	labels:Da pooma turtle starter pac:  -Vintage Large Apple hat  -Tight jeans  -Surprisingly cool jacket (for a slim-fit wearer)  -Random graphic tee  -Fuckin uhh Dr. Martins
text:I'm a little wary of using the terms "real" and "normal" to refer to women's bodies. All bodies are normal and real, they just range in size. No one size is more "real" than another. I mean if your point is showcasing actual untouched photos vs. photoshopped images I get it though.	labels:That’s a fair point and of course all human models are real people :). I didn’t mean to imply otherwise.  I picked ‘normal’ to differentiate from all the instagram models and fashion models I follow on Instagram. Not that they’re abnormal, but they do have body measurements that are out of the norm statistically. I once read some data that said typical model measurements can only be found in <0.1% of the population.  Secondly, as you mentioned, there’s the other factor of airbrushing, perfect/professional posing, light etc. that is also special to typical Instagram models.
text:Shit.   I have so many scars from burns that were never treated...some nasty stuff.	labels:Yeah it’s not fun so far, the actual burn isn’t big so I think it’ll heal fine but...yeah if I didn’t end up checking out again I probably woulda gotten it infected it treating it like it was nothing
text:Fall 2020 Fit Battle - Round 2 Results and Discussion	labels:good win u/salutatorian. it takes a big man to admit when he was bested, and i am that big man.
text:What is your favorite clothing/accessories subscription box?	labels:I've tried Stitchfix, Nordstrom Trunk Club and MM Lafleur.   Stitchfix was just laughable, in one box I got a pair of skinny black jeans and a note from the "stylist" saying that since I lived in NYC I should own a pair. All the clothes were items you could get cheaper at Nordstrom Rack (really, I checked a few).   MM Lafleur was overpriced for the quality and I felt the clothes lacked personality, though I could see this being helpful to someone who doesn't know where to start with office wear.   Nordstrom was ok but they couldn't nail my style and what would work on my body. I ended up keeping a  couple of items though, I tend to shop in a specific brand segment and price range and they sent me items  from brands I would normally dismiss as "too basic" that turned out to be good. They were also more tuned into mainstream trends (I'm sure they have research on this). With a slightly higher hit rate I might have tried this one longer.  I've been offered personal shopping a few times but that was out of my spending comfort zone in the end.  I subscribe to Scentbox (fragrance subscription). You can get more bang for your buck with decant stores, I guess, but I think their packaging is really nice and it's a fun way to try new things.
text:What can I wear when I have a medical issue that makes my waistline change a lot?	labels:Buy pants that are cut bigger and then wear suspenders, that way they won't bunch up like with a belt.
text:If mfa was a body, u/pumaturtle would be the heart.	labels:I’d prefer to be the sphincter, I’m where the shit leaks out from
text:Revisiting Fall Favorites: Barbour Jackets pt 3	labels:I find barbour jackets a fantastic work coat. Really goes well with a shirt collar with or without tie. Jumper over the shirt is perfect for the colder days.	episode_done:True
text:Call for Moderator Nominations & Applications v2	labels:Is hiroki a mod? If not I nominate him
text:I think we have a wiener!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Inspo album: Keith Richards and the Rolling Stones	labels:Looove this!	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Small Asian-Owned Brands, Featuring Pockets & Architectural Details	labels:Well thanks a lot, now I'm completely obsessed with the Tocco Toscano lime mini tote. Their regular totes and the bag-in-bag are so well organized, it looks like a great alternative to the Cuyana tote.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 27	labels:Are jeans just not happening right now?  I've been mostly wearing black skinny jeans the last few years and I'm tired of them (pre-pandemic, anyway - I've been wearing mostly pajama pants since March).    I've been looking around trying to figure out what to do in the jeans category, and it seems like men in their late 20s/early 30s have mostly moved on past jeans and are generally wearing chinos, work pants, or other non-denim pants.
text:The best plain t-shirt video guide — 11 t-shirts bought and tested	labels:Kirkland is the best and its not even close!	episode_done:True
text:Menswear I Drool Over: FW/2021 Part III	labels:Yup I don't get fashion, none of these looks do it for me. Are you looking at it from the "huh, that neat in an artistic way" or "I wish I could incorporate that style element into my facade". Cause I might like some of the fabrics used or the way the cut highlights the figure but none of this stuff is wearable for me at least.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 29	labels:Anyone know how j crew 484s fit? I’m a size 31 in waist fit Uniqlo jeans and my build is 169 lbs and 6 feet tall, I’m somewhat between the average to slim body type if that helps. Cause I know the sizing for these is super wonky	episode_done:True
text:I want to eliminate the need for dry cleaning my work wardrobe. Sadly, anything nice seems incompatible with machine wash. What long lasting, work pieces have been easiest for you to maintain?	labels:oooooh,so apparently my friends all consider me the laundry queen. I also have the strictest dress code out of all my friends. I will say that much of my wardrobe is machine washable,but even with those pieces I try to limit damage from washing. I have a couple of ways:  1. wearing more often and hanging up between wears to air out and limit wrinkling.  2. Depending upon the item,using an undergarment to protect from sweat etc.  3. Using a steamer to help remove wrinkles and refresh clothes.  4. If having to wash in a machine,gentle cycle on cold and air dry. I use a mesh wash bag for the most delicate articles. I find for a lot of "dry clean only" this method is usually ok.  5. For wools and silks etc. I use Eucalan.   edited to add: I don't really havs brand recs - much of my wardrobe is thrifted and even when I've gotten recognizable brands I don't think I'd be able to say with confidence if they were indicative of the brand's current quality.	episode_done:True
text:How does a warm weather wardrobe differ from a cold weather wardrobe?	labels:I wear a lot of dresses, skirts, and wide-leg flowy pants during the summer. I almost never wear shorts because I've always hated them. Breathable fabrics are important especially with humidity; you'll be a lot hotter in polyester than in cotton. Also thigh chafing is a thing, so I like to alternate between days I wear a skirt and days I wear loose pants.   I do tend to carry a lightweight top layer for air conditioned buildings. But it doesn't need to be something super warm; mesh or a loose weave is fine. I tend to like that layer to be something that won't wrinkle so I can toss it in my purse.	episode_done:True
text:Category is: Pants on the Runway - Inspo Album	labels:This gives me life and hope.  Full length, full leg.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 12, 2020	labels:The duality of jeans.  Dudes will justify their purchase of 400 dollar artisan made weeb jeans because the quality is so amazing that it becomes an investment.  Then get excited when the jeans have crotch and knee blowouts after three months. Then “retire” those jeans after a only a year
text:Dashiel Brahmann Fall/Winter 2020	labels:That stitching on the shoe is dope as fuck	episode_done:True
text:I had two kids in my mid 30s and literally nothing in this post happened to me	labels:	episode_done:True
text:how often do you wash your clothes?	labels:I wash underwear, socks, masks, leggings, and tank tops (I wear one under most outfits for smoothness/sweat!) after each wear. Outer layers like sweaters, hoodies, etc after three or four wears. Jeans after four or more wears— can usually tell by how they feel and fit that they’re ready for a wash.  Bralettes when they start to smell!
text:There’s a bar in Boston called Hamilton that somehow even a global pandemic can’t kill	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Brand MegaReview: Camoshita | January 23, 2021	labels:Always wanted to give this brand a try but can’t ever decide which piece to start with.	episode_done:True
text:Fellow clothing trackers, what coveted items are you tracking now?	labels:I thrifted the PERFECT jeans 8 years ago... American eagle “super stretch” high waisted jeans. They are from the era just before Jeggings. Still enough denim to be warm, thick and resilient. Well I wore them so freaking much I wore them out. Holes and stains the works. They have now become my house project jeans. And every time I put them on I actually sigh they are so comfortable! Just enough give to just move with me. So long story short I have them on poshmark notifications, every time I go into a thrift store I look for them in my size. They aren’t super hard to find but I’m a 0 long and that’s not a size I see often. It’s to the point I know what they feel like compared to other jeans and can spot them really fast. THREE DAYS AGO I FOUND THEM IN MY SIZE AGAIN. I practically ran to the check out. When I pulled them out of the dryer and put them on I actually danced. They are so perfect! Don’t give up on your hunt it might be out there! I’ve decided to start looking for a replacement pair now so I never have to go with out them again.	episode_done:True
text:[Inspo Album & Commentary] In Recursion: Japanese Traditionalist Futurism & Futurist Traditionalism	labels:Mate this post is art in itself.	episode_done:True
text:Top of WAYWT - November 2020	labels:I love the fits, I really do; but it seems like they all have a similar style in my opinion. Great style but similar.
text:What search term would I use to find those? Last time I looked for suspenders/braces on UK Amazon I couldn't find anything like that.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Remote Business Casual	labels:To dress up a casual top - statement earrings, scarf or necklace, polished hairstyle ('up'), makeup as you feel comfortable;   To dress down a formal top - hair down or in a more casual topknot, natural or no makeup, simple earrings.   Add whatever pair of glasses your eyeballs now need from staring at the screen 😭	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 29, 2020	labels:Finally saw the first two *Indiana Jones* movies for the first time, and I'm kinda bummed they passed the helm on to Shia LaBeouf's character when Short Round was already there. I would have loved to see an East Asian play the male lead in something other than a martial arts flick.
text:What are your favourite places to find loungewear ?	labels:Senita Athletics is a female owned workout clothing brand from Arizona. They are Lululemon level quality but so affordable! I own a pair of their  Weekend Joggers and they are seriously the comfiest article of clothing I own.
text:General Discussion - January 18, 2021	labels:the sub shop I’ve been seeing behind my bf’s back just shut down for a while bc someone got covid and the bf is so happy, like damn he’s really praying on their downfall and I have to act like I agree with him
text:wasn't there also a trend about a year ago where people would post things like "this is why I am quitting fashion"	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Skirts and dresses in winter - how to look good and be warm with a combo of boots, socks, tights?	labels:I see people wear black tights with light colored or even spring dresses and I can’t stand it! Black tights don’t go with everything! Personally, in winter it’s all about fabrics. Heavy fabrics will look better with your boots and tights. I have a pair of black suede thigh high boots that keep my legs warm and go with pretty much everything in my closet. If I think black is too harsh, I have brown heeled booties that I wear with various patterned nude tights. Also sweater dresses are amazing because you can wear them with actual leggings and any boot! I also have a coat that’s nearly floor length to keep my legs warm if need be.	episode_done:True
text:Best way to buy clothes locally?	labels:if you have instagram i would try searching local # for clothes, facebook too even!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 17, 2020	labels:Mailing anything right now is terrible. If you sell on grailed or eBay, good luck. It’s rough out there
text:Online Culture BeatDown	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Why even the pandemic couldn’t kill fast fashion	labels:Cuz poeple cant afford $50 fair trade tee shirts and designer jeans while unemployed.
text:FAQ: What are the different use cases of boat shoes, moccasins, driving shoes, and loafers?	labels:Boat shoes: Spring and summer when I’m wearing shorts and/or a short sleeve top  Penny loafers: Spring and summer when I’m wearing pants and something dressier on top like a polo or button down, or the occasion is just dressier  Blucher Mocs : year round when I’m wearing pants and going somewhere casual.	episode_done:True
text:Who are your fashion idols?	labels:Amal Clooney.  Beatrice Borromeo.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 03, 2020	labels:I've always worn Levi's, and when it comes to Levi's skinnys I'm a 29W 32L. I am planning on getting some Pacsun stacked skinny jeans to go with my Jordan 1s, so should a 29W 32L be fine? (I'm a thin guy, 5'9" 120lbs for reference)	episode_done:True
text:What fashion trend/s have you been obsessed with lately?	labels:1) Blazers, truuuly obssesed with them. It went as far as not wearing coats as freezing as it was outside because I wanted to wear a blazer instead and I do not liking putting a coat above the blazer 2) wearing a shirt over a thin turtleneck. I saw it a few days ago in someone's instagram and I think it's amazing you show your cute shirts but you don't get a cold in the process! 3) Accessories. I went through all the accessories obsessions, it started with earnings, I would change them daily (I need to wear always earrings), then it went to rings and I felt like a influencer. I do not know why wearing rings made me feel like such a badass it would give me like I do not why as if I had my life together and with a cute manicure wow.... but I am not that constant so I started forgetting changing earrings and putting rings. Then I started with multiple small necklaces and as with earrings and rings, oh and purses, I stopped doing it and nowI just wear the same three necklace always... so... now I am obsessed with belts, I promise I have tried with all my strength to go out of my house without a belt, but I really can't I would say that it is as if I was going without a bad but I do that a lot ....but without a belt puff I can't.	episode_done:True
text:ayyyyye I’m excited for you	labels:South american drug lord outfits coming up
text:Denim Jacket as a Layering Piece	labels:As a mid layer, it looks forced and unnatural to me. I am curious about others thoughts, does this look good to anyone?
text:Runways have been sending out 2000s vibes. Anyone onboard?	labels:I thought we all agreed that we can't wear low waisted jeans because we're all too fat 😫😭
text:General Discussion - December 09, 2020	labels:Damn, GD was popping off yesterday
text:Yep. Men’s warehouse or department store is fine for first suit. Just make sure to get it tailored. A lot of people will try to bash, but a properly tailored suit from either of those places will work great.   Also I’m big on charcoal for first suit. Every man should have a charcoal suit.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I can't even XD XD	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Knit Tie Inspo / Lookbook	labels:I picked up a black knit tie and a navy knit tie at the same time. While for normal woven ties, I'd usually reach for a navy over a black, with the texture of a silk knit, somehow the black knit tie just looks better than the navy knit in so many outfits.   This might be a function of bias because I've read articles extolling the virtues of the black knit tie, but I think the texture of the knit helps to offset the starkness of the colour
text:The Wall Street journal uses this style for headshots, I believe. Also cooks illustrated	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 08	labels:Went on an awesome pair of rides around Baltimore with my dad yesterday.  This was such a lovely weekend to do it.	episode_done:True
text:Tips for feeling confident when wearing stylish clothes around family?	labels:Ease into it slowly. Start with a few blouses that are more your new style preference, and wear them with jeans/leggings. It'll instantly add a bit of polish without looking too different. In the cool weather now, sweater dresses are sexy and stylish but also not too far off from a hoodie. long sweeping cardigans over sleeveless blouses/tops and leggings means that you can probably wear that same top when it gets warmer without the outer layer and people will already be used to it.     Also, Chances are there will still be days you want to wear that super comfy soft hoodie so keep some of your favs (take it from someone who found themselves owning zero sweat pants at the beginning of quarantine and had to walk live around in "dressy" pants for a few weeks). But also, there's nothing quite as comfy as a baggy hoodie on the weekend or if you just want to run out to do a quick errand without getting fully dressed up.	episode_done:True
text:Do you name your favorite outfits?	labels:Hahahah, I love this! my boyfriend started saying “you look like a ....” and I remember that every time I wear these two outfits:  1. Sicilian widow - black maxi skirt, lace turtleneck under a black camisole 2. 80s real estate agent in Arizona - teal suit, teal turtleneck, pink lipstick, big ish hair
text:Burberry is donating unused fabric to fashion students in need	labels:Don't know what's going on here but all I can see is my man Rashy!	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 09, 2020	labels:Anyone have/tried NB 993s? A lot of the reviews say they run large and I'm wondering if I should go half a size down	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 25, 2020	labels:Found (one of) the dead rat(s) under my oven and the stench has slightly alleviated, just in time for pie baking. Planning on:  * Pumpkin * Coconut Cream * Ube (Actually Japanese Sweet Potato)
text:> just gotta get through more of my stash and queue first.  Narrator: "They were never able to do so."  But forreal, I just cast on my first self designed sweater. I've been knitting for a year, but crocheting and sewing for a decade. Slow fashion is such a rabbit hole because before you know it you're trying to talk yourself out of learning to spin, cause maybe when you buy a house you could get a sheep? Maybe some angora rabbits?! But it's such a cool interest. As a young person I'm really happy that it's becoming a mainstream thing!  It gives me hope.	labels:Yep...very accurate.  I have successfully not purchased yarn for myself for 458 days now (not like I'm counting), so I might be able to reduce the stash a bit. But more than likely I'll cave here in the next six months while I still have 40k yards to work through.   The rabbit hole of slow, self-made fashion goes deep. The yarn, the yarn dyeing, the desire for an angora rabbit, the realization that you dont like drop spinning, but thinking maybe you'd like it on a spinning wheel...	episode_done:True
text:Instead of doing that, why not help create the expectation that companies offer sane return and order cancellation policies so that it’s not incumbent on every customer shopping every website ever to spend 5 minutes looking up the policy?	labels:Yeah right. Corporations are out to line their pockets. I'm here to save mine.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 28	labels:Anyone know of any good budget brands for sweatpants/joggers in Canada? I've been eyeing up the Zanerobe Sureshot in black but I'm hesitant to drop that much money on something I might be able to get at a lower price point with near or similar levels of quality.	episode_done:True
text:and if someone complains about nonbinary fits we can say "DID U EVEN PLAY THE GAME BRO"	labels:	episode_done:True
text:would you say they are thick?  also, looking at the site i wanted to confirm. is it $16 per single pair???	labels:I also only wear darn tough socks. They have varying levels of thickness depending on which pair you buy, and wool is cooler in the summer than you’d think. They are kinda pricy but they have a lifetime warranty, although I’ve never had to use it. I have pairs that are a few years old that are holding up just fine.
text:(UPDATE) Ladies who miss fashion/makeup/getting dressed up... how are you doing?	labels:I just miss wearing lipstick! I love a good dark fall lip color and it just gets all over my mask when I go out now... Ugh!
text:What are your favorite bags at the moment?	labels:I am a teen, so my bag choices are more influenced based on aesthetic, rather than practicality. Also, I love designer bags.  1. Givenchy Mini Antigona in smooth leather (looks so edgy and bought this for the practicality aspect, as it can hold more items) 2. Gucci Dionysus Super Mini in black leather (can barely fit my phone in there, really is just for the aesthetic lol) 3. Prada Brushed Leather Shoulder Bag with Flap in white (my more casual everyday bag) 4. Dior Medium Lady D-Lite in Blue Cannage Embroidered Velvet (probably the sexiest bag I’ve ever seen) 5. Small Lady Dior (when I’m feeling a bit fancier)  I’m thinking of adding a Louis Vuitton backpack to my collection for days when I want everything out the way on my front and just need my hands free and also a Dior Saddle Bag. All of these bags just bring me a sense of pride ever since I started gaining interest in high fashion items. Even though I could easily buy it with my parents’ money, I busted my butt working as a barista to pay for these items, and I cherish each and every one of them. It’s even more special that I worked so hard and put in so many hours to be able to purchase them, which means so much more to me than having every luxury bag on the market. If that were the case, they wouldn’t be special anymore and wouldn’t hold the same value to me.  I also really wanted the Louis Vuitton Pochette Accessoires, for when I need to get out for a quick errand, but they’re sold out on the website :(	episode_done:True
text:"freeing the titty" when you don't have "fashion boobs"?	labels:I too made this decision during covid. The Cara Mia bra is my favorite. Jockey makes a good Bralette too. If I don’t have time to put the pads back in after a wash I’ll use silicone nip covers underneath. Personally they give me cleavage that my underwire bras did not. They would seperate them too much. Everyone’s build is different. 38D.	episode_done:True
text:Reliable brands to buy in South America - Americans your opinions please!	labels:Are you willing to import from abroad?   The most decent stuff you can get could be from GAP, Brooks Brothers or Polo Ralph Lauren  Still South America has a lot of countries and cities, where do you live?  Im in Lima, Peru and its vastly different than Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 08, 2021	labels:Any guides for a man in his early 40s, trying to look good and trendy again, not sure where to start! Hoodies are not too flattering or professional	episode_done:True
text:People who made out like a bandit during COVID-19 sales, what gems have you picked up?	labels:I got 2 boxes of 100 hangers and bottom hangers for 50 cents.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 22	labels:Can anyone share examples of dressing “heritage” or “Americana” in warmer weather? Thematically I like these styles but I’m drawn to layers, thicker materials, sweaters etc and unfortunately run pretty hot as it is.   Can these types of styles be maintained during summer months or do I seek out a separate summer theme?
text:Summer outfit inspiration: An inspo album and 6 lessons on how to make complete outfits even when you are dying of heat stroke	labels:I read FFA and immediately my southern brain thought this was a Future Farmers of America post...	episode_done:True
text:“I'm all locked down with nowhere to go – but that hasn't killed my lust for fashion”	labels:Honestly quarantine fueled my love for fashion even more! I’ve never been so close to my style goals! I really got to look into things and find clothes I really like!	episode_done:True
text:My biggest gripe with Grailed has *always* been that the shipping price isn't locked in. Couldn't tell you the ridiculous number of times I've gotten an offer for a Brooks Brothers shirt from a Canadian or European that was less than the price of shipping alone.	labels:Same here. It's why I prefer selling on ebay even with the higher fees	episode_done:True
text:Lol you suck.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do you care for your expensive/fragile pieces?	labels:Honestly not using the dryer is the best piece of advice (of course being allergic to fabric softener made my decision for me).  I have Forever 21 pieces in my closet that are at least a decade old.  They survived.
text:New Year, New Balance	labels:As a runner, their actual functional running shoes are the best i've tried. I have two pairs of zante v4's on rotation, they're fantastic.	episode_done:True
text:Hats and how to wear them	labels:Not a lot of people still wear hats, but I keep hearing that many people *wish* they were still stylish to wear... so please feel free to help make hats fashionable again!  Typical etiquette for hat wearing is that if it's a very small decorative hat--something that stays close to the head--you may wear it indoors, but if it's a larger hat, you take it off indoors.  With something like a cloche or beret, which isn't exactly tiny but also isn't oppressively huge, it follows nearly the same rules as a coat:  If you're just popping by on an errand, it's fine to keep it on, but if you're planning to stay a while, you should take it off.  This is especially true if you're visiting a place of hospitality--a friend or relative's home, for example, or a restaurant--where somebody is offering comfort and relaxation, keeping your hat/coat on might be seen as a rejection of their hospitality.
text:Women that work labor jobs, what parts of your wardrobe are most important to you?	labels:For boots, I found Keen's women's work boots to be the most comfortable. I especially liked the Seattle line with an aluminum toe for my job but they have a ton of different styles with varying levels of safety ratings.   I've worked ina variety of mining and industrial settings and jeans were the norm for a normal work day, but that'll probably depend on your specific workplace. Many women wore skinny jeans or bootcut jeans.   I often just paired my jeans and boots with a sweater or closer cut blouse and cardigan. Occasionally I'd wear the polo my company gave me with a north face zip up.
text:I think KW's cardigans are decent for the cost but in comparison, they don't mention the ply of the fabric and I think that's notable since a well-made 4-ply sweater is going to last longer and (I think) be more resilient to pilling. I'd guess that KW's are a 2-ply though either way, I noticed that the weight of their medium shawl cardigans is nearly twice of what OP says the W&C is. I'm assuming this is also a difference in the yarn being used (with merino generally being lighter/thinner if I recall).	labels:I did a little search and most "british wool" is around 2/9 - so yeah, almost twice as heavy as the merino yarn.   I like the KW Cardigan's, but they're not as refined as the luxury Scottish stuff.	episode_done:True
text:It’s survived, just like that loopy calligraphy that was on everything.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Imo there should be a separate sub for focusing on discussing the ethics of fashion, and this one for actual fashion	labels:/r/ethicalfashion and /r/SustainableFashion both exist for those interested readers. 👍	episode_done:True
text:Maybe I've been watching too much Industry, but you sure they weren't doing bumps in there?	labels:I mean if he was hoovering while sharting then big ups but it don’t seem likely	episode_done:True
text:Congratulations!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 31	labels:hey guys! I just started a sub for handmade/diy/self drafted fashion called /r/slow_fashion. if you’re interested in slow fashion please come check it out! right now it just me and my sweaters, but I thought it would be cool to create a community with a wide array of makers. any inspo pics, fit pics, general discussion, or suggestions are all welcome there!	episode_done:True
text:Avocado.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I’m sure a lot of these things come naturally to you too as an experienced dresser. And yes intentional consumption is the way brother 😌	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Followed you! Can’t wait to see the update. Also we have similar measurements- even these big feet 😂 Yay for getting inspo!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The shit I see spewed by a few friends from high school and relatives on Facebook is just mind-numbingly stupid. My favorite, by far, has to be that the Democrats created the "COVID hoax" to win the election. Yeah, because every single country on earth hates Donald Trump and the Republicans so much that they'd be on board with perpetrating a massive conspiracy that has killed more than a million people and sent the global economy into a recession.  Never does the thought occur that had Trump and the GOP just responded to it like people that actually possess empathy and compassion for other human beings, they could have rode a wave of popularity into a White House victory and maybe even flipped the House back.  How do these people function day to day with such a lack of critical thinking skills?	labels:The cognitive dissonance required is incredible.	episode_done:True
text:Share what are your quick tips to always look polished !	labels:I have 2 pups and have accepted that I will always have dog hair on me.   Back when I wore more business clothes, I would have separate at home and work clothes. Changed out of my work clothes as soon as I got home and into sturdier/less expensive outfits.   Also recommend keeping a lint roller in the car.   To generally look polished: add an accessory like a scarf, earrings or a necklace.   I’m also a fan of tucking shirts/sweaters.
text:Shitpost Saturday- Call for Submission	labels:Outfits that would be in a movie... a really BAD movie.  Statement piece with a fatal flaw that you insist on wearing anyway.	episode_done:True
text:[Inspiration] MFA wears rings (& other jewelry)	labels:I have a few rings (and necklaces and bracelets, oh and a watch!) from Thomas Sabo. Really like their stuff.  Edit: link; www.thomassabo.com	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 26	labels:Platinum blonde hair, short in the workplace for men?
text:[Inspiration] Pearls	labels:Since discovering the image of indian princes rocking pearls, i've thought its was something that should come back. I agree, its not for everyone but i like the way ASAP and Pharell rocks them.	episode_done:True
text:Same. And I wear cheetah print pajama shorts with a hoodie every day of the week.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Tony Hsieh, Zappos Luminary Who Revolutionized the Shoe Business, Dies at 46	labels:Man... I’m looking forward to 2021.	episode_done:True
text:Help needed for buying jeans online! All advice is welcome!	labels:I finally bought a pair of 501s from the Levi's site.  After hours of scouring size charts and online fit testimonials, I *still* wasn't sure about size/inseam. So, on a day with a good sale, I actually bought SIX PAIRS and returned five of them. I regret nothing! If you have the disposable income to pay up front and wait for the refund to be processed, I highly suggest getting all your options so you aren't left wondering if you really have the right size or ordering another pair to try on.    Edit: as /u/fartymcfly22 pointed out, you might want to check that the company doesn't just throw away their returns before ordering duplicates like this!
text:I do this too and have it divvied up in sections (casual, formal, work, etc) and then when I have to get ready, I scroll through the appropriate section. It used to take me 1+ hours to get ready and with this process it takes half that!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:My incomplete guide for buying less in 2021	labels:I went through a decade of not buying and I found that if I acknowledged the item as being special then that act replaced the need to buy.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 14, 2020	labels:I laugh at how edgy/overly seriously /r/DarkAcademia takes itself but I lowkey kinda fuck with the aesthetic
text:Learning to dress better	labels:Do you have someone you think dresses really cool? Either real life or celebrity? Cop their style some and as you get more comfortable add your own touch.   Don’t be afraid to be cool. Some people think a certain item is only something a really cool guy would wear. You’re the cool guy.
text:This is something I've been wondering about! So do you try use all warm (or all cool) tones in your entire outfit + accessories? Do you match the tones of your makeup too?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 26	labels:Are field jackets supposed to fit kind of boxy? Got an M-65 from Alpha Industries in XS (I am 5 foot 7, 165 pounds), and it fits great in the torso but literally has maybe 4 inches of extra material in the sleeves, although the sleeve length is fine.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 21	labels:Hey everyone! I purchased a pair of the Greats Royales after multiple recommendations in this subreddit.   I can definitely feel that the quality is great however the comfort is currently not up to par.  The back of the shoe on my heel fricken HURTS everytime I walk. I understand that you have to break them in, but is this something thats gonna be fixed by continuing to 'walk-it off'?   From what I see, the problem is the thread in the back thats just sorta protruding and jabbing itself into my foot.  From people who have purchased this shoe brand, did any of your experiences relate to mine? Were they fixed by breaking them in?
text:See, you even turn a compliment into self-defecating humor 😉	labels:eh heh heyyyy	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Pattern Mixing	labels:I so look forward to your inspo albums. Thank you for sharing them with us.	episode_done:True
text:Do you follow the conventional rules around "flattering your figure?"	labels:I've written about this before, but as someone who is 5'2 on a good day, I have stopped giving a shit about looking "longer and leaner."  In fact, I reject the idea that I should want to look taller. Maybe all those 5'7 women should be taking advice on how to make their legs look as stubby as mine. <--Obviously a joke but to make a point. How stupid is it that I should feel like my natural body is something to correct?  I'm an old woman, lol, and over the course of my life I have never found that my stubby legs (that I was once self-conscious about) have kept me from career advancement or from finding people who thought I was beautiful and wanted to have sex with me, so what's the freaking problem?  Fuck conventional figure flattery.  That being said, of course there are things I think look better on me than other things and I tend to wear the things I think look better in ways I think look better most of the time.  Except when the comfort or beauty of a garment is so outstanding it overrules that.  Thanks for coming to my TED talk.  There are cookies on the table in the back.
text:How has the quality changed over the years at some of your fav brands?	labels:I feel like Abercrombie and Fitch has turned around! I love all the dresses I've bought from them - almost all have been lined and a lot of them have pockets! I'm so pleased.
text:Well my dad is certainly Grandpa-age, and my fiance has told me countless times I am a grumpy old man. So that checks out! :)     What do you guys wear in Russia these days?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Things I'm Excited to Wear This Fall — Die, Workwear!	labels:Fall? *Cries in Canadian*
text:What are "iconic" items that you should know about, and their basic history? What items can singularly be identified as "starting a trend"?	labels:GH Bass Weejuns	episode_done:True
text:How to build an age-suitable varied chic wardrobe?	labels:You dress exactly like me and I'm 18! You just have a different aesthetic than them and that's ok!	episode_done:True
text:super cool right? im really into the hats too	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How has your style and shopping habits changed with age and financial standing?	labels:As a recent college grad I had 3 prs of shoes and I thought a polo-style shirt and khakis were all I needed for work. Shopping wasn’t a big thing.  I was just trying to live independently and pay my bills.  Making outfits was challenging because I didn’t have the items to make a cohesive wardrobe that could last a work week without re-washing something. I did have a few items for going out that I swapped with friends. Who know where those things ended up.  Mid-career (and middle-aged), I think more about my personal style than trends. I enjoy creating styles that don’t appear over planned, yet are well put together. I’ve built what I consider a personal fashion archive over the years that I can pull from.  The stores I buy from have changed...or least the % of my wardrobe from certain stores has changed.  I’m more aware of quality and fabrication, though I sometimes compromise fabric preference for style. Conversely, I will drop some coin on high-quality items made from natural fibers, good shoes, coats,and an occasional luxury handbag (or two).	episode_done:True
text:Viberg Natural Shell & Grey Kangaroo - A quick update & pictures.	labels:Swell...	episode_done:True
text:Smh this dude doesn't know Playboi Carti's Ex GF.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Yeah, I definitely lean toward buying the best I can afford - for my own enjoyment, but also because of sustainability/long term cost, and because I can better (though not perfectly) make sure people get paid well along the supply chain that way.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What unknown/smaller brands should we all know about that don't often get posted here?	labels:Some of these are already posted, but I'll include because I love them!  **Something by Sonjia** She was a designer on Project Runway and her pieces are just super cool  **The Kit NYC** Their tagline is "You have enough basics" or something like that. Really neat understated statement pieces.   **Amanda Valentine** Another Project Runway alum. She makes clothing and jewelry, she makes really awesome colorful pieces.	episode_done:True
text:The answer to this is the same for almost every style — eBay.  If not eBay specifically then secondhand sites in general — eBay, Grailed, Poshmark, Mercari, TheRealReal.	labels:Okay thank you!	episode_done:True
text:I want to be that bada*** biCTH (Ik it's spelt wrong, it's meme bro lol sry. Plus idk if we can swear, I don't post) tl;dr at the end cuz I tend to rant :)	labels:The confidence comes with time. Buy what you like, wear it were you are feel safe. You might start by just wearing it around your room. Taking selfies and such. Get a feel for how you wear the clothes for yourself. Eventually start pushing your boundaries a little. Be paciente with yourself  This will get easier as you get older, think of your age as an advantage for your adventure not a hindrance. Do the same thing with your body. When I was your age, I was self-conscious of my big butt and thighs. Now they are in style.  You are enough as is
text:All things K-Fashion!	labels:Yessss!!!! i've been getting into k-fashion too but haven't seen anyone else on this sub. i buy some stuff from yesstyle but really the quality isn't the best. i really love the oversized but feminine looks.	episode_done:True
text:How would you store sentimental clothing?	labels:I have a fabric storage box that I got from Michaels (probably readily available at any craft/fabric store). The only issue is its kind of odd shaped so finding storage wasn't as easy as just sticking it on a shelf (according to at lrast some sites...when long-term storing clothes, its.better to have fewer folds, so the box is kind of long and skinny? I am not a fabric expert so I'm not sure how true that is).   For random sentimental pieces, I did things like make pillows. I wanted to be reminded of them, but I didn't need it to stay clothing, if that makes sense!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 15, 2021	labels:Am I the only one that doesn't see how the Teddy jacket would give off peaked in high school lettermen jacket vibes like all the lurkers that were clearly bullied by jocks are claiming?  Obviously it's inspired by letterman jackets, but removing the contrasting leather sleeves and not having a TGI Friday's wall's worth of shit stitched onto it completely changes the vibe. I don't know, maybe I just associate it more with rockstar because it's an SLP piece and Alex Turner was the first celebrity I saw a photo of wearing it.
text:Me: haha this dark academia is a little corny, but it does look kinda cool ngl, unless you think it’s lame haha jk unless you do lol haha	labels:-retreats back into dimly-lit grotto-	episode_done:True
text:The finances of curating a high-end wardrobe through luxury resale: how much do you spend on clothing taking into account resale revenue?	labels:My personal two cents:   I don’t think I could ‘enjoy’ wearing my purchases if I bought them with the intent to resell, I’d feel like I had to be careful and baby them to preserve their value and that outweighs the potential recoup in money. Even worse, what if I babied them and stressed about keeping them pristine and STILL couldn’t sell them later on?  In the past when I’ve gotten lucky with recouping costs on items sold, it’s always been an unexpected surprise and on random contemporary brands like Aritzia and LL Bean (??). Meanwhile my HE stuff seems to park forever.
text:Changing your mindset from fast fashion to one of investment pieces. What did you learn?	labels:Going through the same thing right now - same age range and a student as well :) Honestly, COVID has helped my mindset a lot. I'm not wearing real clothes as much anymore, as I mostly live in PJs and sweatpants, so I'm re-evaluating why I have so many fast fashion pieces in the first place. Do I really need ten pairs of cheap jeans? No, and I don't even like wearing most of them anyways. There's a thrill of buying things on sale "just because," but after that fades, I'm left with a piece of clothing that I don't really **love**. So I just gravitate towards the same few pieces that I really **do** love, and I realized that I should just invest in a few quality things that I'll always go for.  Donating and selling a ton of my old clothes over the past few months has really helped me settle into a more minimalistic mindset. I also think about the ethical and environmental impacts of fast fashion a lot more nowadays, which really puts me off from buying things online from cheap sites. Thrifting is also a great way to save some money and be more sustainable while still getting quality pieces!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 25, 2020	labels:Happy Crimbus
text:General Discussion - November 20, 2020	labels:I just wanted to give a shout out to Mari over at Standard & Strange who helped me score a Kaptain Sunshine Traveler's coat and ultimately saving me a ton of cash in the process.  The coat is stupid beautiful.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 17, 2020	labels:Thoughts on whether slim-fit navy chinos overlap too much with dark non-distressed jeans in a similar fit, for casual wear? I picked up the chinos from UNIQLO because they were on sale and fit well, but honestly I don't see myself reaching for them over my dark denim for casual war. For business casual and above (i.e., wearing a tucked-in button down shirt), I already have trousers/slacks in similar colors that I would wear instead of the chinos, so maybe they are a solution without a problem.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 06, 2021	labels:Slippers for wide, sweaty feet?  I've been rocking a set of Glerups scuffs around the house for two years, and especially heavily since March. My wife has been non-stop complaining about tiny bits of felt that wear away from the inside, ending up all over the house... and now I've worn a small hole through near my pinky toe on my wider foot, so it's time to give them up. I'm tempted to just get another pair and deal with my wife's complaints about errant felt bits, but despite their excellent moisture management, I'm still a bit sweaty in them after a while. So, I'm on the hunt for a new pair.  I live in Florida so it's rarely ever cold indoors, the tile flooring notwithstanding. And I have very wide feet (9EEE/EEEE.) I like scuffs because I can just step into them without using my hands, but I'm open to alternatives. I've always wanted to be able to rock leather mocs, but going by even my comfiest leather shoes, I'll get far too sweaty, far too quickly, unless I'm wearing good socks... which defeats the purpose.  Any suggestions? I was thinking a set of boiled wool instead of wool felt might work better. I do have some boiled wool Haflinger slippers and I like them overall, though their construction leaves much to be desired for the price - the badly-designed seams are barely holding together, the glue is starting to separate, and the PVA footbed is prone to both sweating and stinking.	episode_done:True
text:Do you: 1) keep all of your wardrobe equally diverse, or 2) keep all of your wardrobe minimal, or 3) keep some pieces relatively similar while diversifying others?	labels:I have a maximalist capsule wardrobe where everything matches by way of a specific color palette.  EDIT: I have ten identical pairs of black sweats that I’ve been living in. Never going back to leggings or jeans on bottom.	episode_done:True
text:Why I’ve tracked every single piece of clothing I’ve worn for three years	labels:This seems ridiculous. Just enjoy what you have and buy what you like or need.	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Vintage Wool Sweaters Need Good, Loving Homes	labels:As a born and raised Norwegian, now living in the UK, my love for wool jumpers is endless and my sadness is twofold. 1) I might be Norwegian, but I've also got extremely sensitive skin. Thus my heart may be set on wool, but my skin is absolutely not, unless it's very fine cashmere or particular blends. 2) When autumn comes my immediate reaction is "WEAR ALL THE WOOL JUMPERS", and then I remember I live in the south of England and it doesn't actually get that cold here, plus it always rains.   Neither of those points are going to keep me from now spending several hours looking at vintage wool jumpers online though.
text:Shitpost Saturday: Body Types (no fruit answers allowed)	labels:Ok, true story. My boyfriend’s daughter and I were talking about body types, and how I’m a pear. He overhears and disagrees vehemently.   He’s a quick-thinking guy, and I know he’ll have a good answer, so I say, “ok smart guy, what shape am I?”  “Well, you’ve got good hips and butt, and a long but slender torso. You’re male genitalia. Penis and balls.”  So, apparently I’m genitalia shaped. Sorry, that’s not a food, but it’s what I’ve got.
text:What is your most worn accessories?	labels:my tiny gold necklace and.... 1 1/2" kewpie doll earrings!	episode_done:True
text:A Basic Guide to Useful Knitwear	labels:Did anybody else click on this because the thumbnail looked like a cheeseburger?	episode_done:True
text:The OG 90s Supermodels will tell their stories in a new documentary	labels:Ooh excited for this! Vogue is putting out a podcast about fashion in the 1990s and the first episode is on the supermodels. It doesn’t feature interviews with the models themselves, though. It’s more about modeling before the 90s, how they were different in the 90s and George Michael (of course).  But firsthand accounts and, hopefully, a chance to look at archival runway videos/images? Excited!
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 06, 2020	labels:I’m a bigger guy looking for jeans with a high rise, any brand recommendations?	episode_done:True
text:45   Im between 11.5-12 and they fit perfect. Well, my suede ones do, I haven't even taken the stuffing out of these yet because they're not at all what I ordered.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:No one is aware of how big your feet are other than you. Wear whatever shoes you want; it's all in your head.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Same!! Sort of!! I’m a deputy fire marshal and I wear a uniform to work everyday and am on construction sites all the time. My out of work wardrobe is just pajamas and athleisure at this point. I used to dress up all the time but not anymore.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Women that work labor jobs, what parts of your wardrobe are most important to you?	labels:Have also worked much of my life in jobs where I had to be ready to unload dirty stuff from a van and meet with clients on the same day, and currently (during non-covid days) in warehouse 2x/week though I don't have the shoe requirement.  You know the culture of the place best, I've found that in warehouse most people respect the manager more when they are dressed appropriately for the warehouse work, vs. when they dress mostly to "look like a manager".  But I also think there is something wanting to look more professional than just a shlubby t shirt, or at least having the option especially at first.  Knit polos with belted chinos or workpants look great and slightly professional while built for action.  Ponte work pants with an elastic waist are another option for days when you need to look dressier (such as a meeting), though I wouldn't get anything too fancy.  Durable button downs are another go-to.  They work well for layering - you can short sleeve or long sleeve, and wear them alone or over a camisole, shell, or t shirt.  Casual styles and fabrics like denim, flannel, twill, etc. work best.  Tops made of knit t-shirt fabric but with slightly dressier details or cuts are good.  One of my favorites of these I've had is a Lands End dark print long sleeve tee with a boatneck.  Looks dressier than a t shirt, and the dark print hides the occasional smudge.  This is also a way to achieve a more feminine style if that is an option you want.  Lands End, LL Bean, Carhartt, Duluth Trading Co. (sizes run large), Patagonia (including used, $$ but the stuff is indestructible), Eddie Bauer is the type of stuff I'd look at.	episode_done:True
text:Honestly the biggest drawback of dancing in raws is they’re hot as balls haha but I agree.  I love Barbour jackets but they’re useless in CO where it never rains	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What movie/tv show was styled the best?	labels:Obligatory Mad Men
text:Get Out The Vote Inspo Album	labels:I don't think you guys made me this sad ever before. Why is this presidential race even competitive?
text:I’ve quite been enjoying videos from Alyssa Beltempo. They include outfit breakdowns for different sizes and ages. Plus she focuses on sustainable fashion. I’m actually looking for more similar bloggers as I’m in that “middle aged” category.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:It’s not too pricey to take in the coat—much cheaper than buying a new one!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I really like long jumpsuits but don’t like short ones. I have a green one from express that I love. What shoes do you wear with yours? If I don’t wear strappy heels with mine I feel very short. I love the comfort of flats with jumpsuits but have never had success of it looking good	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Bruh wut ? Nothing against Zara not coming to complain but I always found Zara to be expensive side and lesser quality ? For the same amount of money I'll spend it at Uniqlo lol. Basically I was doing the same thing as you bit with uniqlo haha	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Bigger, Longer Coats	labels:I wanna look like Mace Windu	episode_done:True
text:That’s a cool strategy!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Could you please send me a  link so I can get a good idea of what you're talking about?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Underwear review: Soma vs. Parade after 6 months	labels:Soma is my favorite to get underwear from! The comfort is honestly unbeatable! And I love that there are no panty lines! The lace on mine are also coming undone, they’re just pretty delicate but I like them! Thanks for the review! I was wondering about Parade!	episode_done:True
text:Fall Fashion Inspo!	labels:I keep seeing Instagram ads for Kiel James Patrick cozy cabin dresses: plaid, soft, long sleeves with a high collar. They’re cute and just what I would want to wear but I haven’t heard of this brand!
text:What is the upscale version of Fashion Nova / SHEIN / boohoo / Nasty Gal? i.e. trendy + youth-oriented but not trash quality	labels:Reformation does some sexy/trendy stuff, but I wouldn’t say the quality is amazing for the price.   You might have luck with Topshop? I don’t know where you’re located, but in the U.S. Nordstrom’s junior department has an entire Topshop section. It also frequently shows up at Nordstrom Rack.
text:What did people *actually* wear in 2000's?	labels:From 2001-2005, clothing I wore as a high schooler/college kid: low rise bootcut jeans, fitted graphic tshirts, fitted polo shirts, fitted shirts in general (shirts were so tight- maybe that’s why we layered??), always layering shirts- and shirts were super long and over your hips, but tight- never tucking them in, cutoff denim skirts, cotton shorts (like soffees) with words on the butt, necklace with my first initial on it, platform flip flops, dresses with Hawaiian prints (like flowers or surfers etc), hoop earrings, fitted hoodies. That’s what I can remember.
text:What are your fashion tips for looking good on Zoom?	labels:I have the beauty filter on and I sit facing a window. I was never a regular makeup wearer pre-COVID but I look almost dead on camera if I don’t have a little tinted moisturizer, blush and mascara on.
text:How to find the confidence to wear clothes you like?	labels:If you're nervous about the look itself: I used to wear things I was iffy on when I was in a new or different place. Like, if I was worried a dress was too loud and attention-getting for my comfort level, I'd wear it when I was in a different city for the day, because if it did catch too much attention, who cares, I was never seeing these people again! Obviously this is harder to do in covid, because we aren't casually daytripping or traveling, but even just wearing the outfit to the grocery store, where you're probably not going to know everyone, vs wearing it in the office, where you see the same people all the time can ease you into being comfortable...	episode_done:True
text:Synthetics in Our Wardrobe	labels:This subreddit has a serious hate boner for synthetics and I will never understand why. It seriously depends on the fabric and the purpose of the garment. Not all rayon or viscose or polyester or nylon is the same. It's like you said, the Uniqlo heattech or their amazing wrinkle-free perfectly drapey rayon blouses are so good. Is all rayon wrinkle free or behave like that? lol no... Which is why you need to look at reviews or touch the material yourself. When you touch it, you can just tell it's good...  Not all "natural" materials are elegant or good either. Sometimes stuff like linen is so trash-bag wrinkly. Sometimes cotton/linen/silk really holds in the sweat and makes you stink, or forms sweat stains on your pits, whereas there's loads of moisture wicking poly athletic clothing or super expensive technical gear for hiking or professional sports which is designed for a specific purpose from synthetic material that keeps you ultra dry, ultra cool, whatever it may be. Poly is also good UPF protection from the sun. Some of my most expensive hiking gear is made from polyester. There is some clothing I own, which I can toss in the washing machine, and after the spin cycle, it's completely dry, without the dry rack.   Acrylics can be super itchy and pilly, or be super tightly woven, soft, and incredibly durable. It really depends. You can't just look at the label and put it away because "omg ew polyester 100%" you need to touch it, stretch it, scrape your nail against it to see how the fabric performs.   tl;dr There's loads of great high quality fabrics in all materials whether it's natural fiber or man-made and I don't really have any negative opinion of anything until I see it in person, and touch it and wear it and I don't think it should matter at all, so long as you personally like it
text:Thank you so much! I also like to add casual items to dressier outfits and vice versa. I'll try and find some signature items	labels:	episode_done:True
text:"freeing the titty" when you don't have "fashion boobs"?	labels:This post feels like it's coming from my brain! Yesterday I wore a bralette for the first time along with a low cut top and, while I was comfortable, I was also really self conscious. I ended up changing to a top with a higher neckline for a zoom hang with friends. I'm not used to my boobs being in a natural, saggy position on my body.  I have a figure that's somewhere between hourglass and pear shaped so I have always tried to dress in a way that makes my bust larger and higher in order to balance out my hips. Seeing the other posts on this thread gives me hope that it's just the need to re-train my eye.	episode_done:True
text:god you're so on the money, this comment made me laugh because i've noticed this exact mindset in males. they have no clue what fashion is	labels:Right?? I’ve worn very cute, very soft asymmetrical cardigans or something and gotten “are u wearing a garbage bag”
text:Celebrating the Basic Grey Sweatpants	labels:Warning: do not forget to wear underpants	episode_done:True
text:How do you style your existing wardrobe in a way that doesn’t get boring?	labels:I catalogued all my clothes in an app and track what I wear. If I want to wear something different\~\~\~ then I look at the category of "unworn" clothing and pick something to make an outfit with. It's really helped me make sure I wear as much of my clothes as possible (obviously the black cocktail dress is going to see less use than the everyday pink sweater but it helps with more unique items like my t shirt with applique parrots lol). If you don't want to catalogue your clothes and put this much effort into it (lol) you could just move your clothes to another part of your closet after you wear them or reverse the orientation of the hangers after wearing. Try to move as much of your clothes to the "worn" side of your closet as possible. And when you pick a lesser worn item don't give up and just make an outfit of it! Who cares if it doesn't match perfectly, you'll do it better next time!	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 21, 2020	labels:Any suggestions on jogger pants?  I've been a longtime Levi's-jeans-only type of person but lately I've been liking joggers more and more. But everywhere I look for joggers it's mostly sweatpant-style joggers; I'm looking for a more durable material--maybe canvas or something, I don't work in an office but they don't need to be extremely heavy duty either--that I can wear every day as a jean replacement, hopefully even having belt loops. Preferably sub-$40 because I need multiple pairs of new pants after quarantine made my old ones not fit haha.	episode_done:True
text:It's made in Canada, maybe doesn't justify the entire cost but does mean something.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Fashion to help your changing body and lifestyle?	labels:Try on stuff you don’t like by ordering cuts you would never wear to try on at home. You’ll probably return most of it, but it’s a way to figure out what suits you now.	episode_done:True
text:How many pairs of jeans and pairs of shoes should you own?	labels:Women can have things they enjoy having without being concern trolled about how much they really need it.   I don't see men getting hassled for the amount of electronic waste their hobbies produce.   I doubt every fifth post in the Funko Pop subreddit is about curbing consumption and how they should be rethinking their involvement in a plastics based interest.   Personally, I think they're wasteful as shit, but I'm not about to roll up into their space and shame them for it.  I'm so over the handwringing, guilt, and joylessness about fashion in this sub sometimes.
text:[Serious answers only] FAQ: Why does runway fashion looks like nothing you'd ordinarily wear on the daily?	labels:Because it’s art and/or “inspiration “	episode_done:True
text:Favourite places to get your fall wool fix?	labels:Online consignment stores! Let's me try new brands at more reasonable prices. Not always super in style, but I can quality stuff. (I spend a little too much time on theRealReal....)	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 05, 2021	labels:Public Rec Joggers vs LLL vs Mack Weldon?  I can’t find much of anything about Public Rex on Reddit, specifically their joggers. Am I missing something? Anyone have experience with them? They’ve got thousands of reviews on their website and advertise to me hard... surprised to see no presence here	episode_done:True
text:What are your favorite (not too expensive) ring sellers?	labels:How is the quality of the Moon Magic ring? I'm considering buying my GF some earrings from there, but had fears over it being a dropshipping on something. After some reverse image reaserch I don't think it is, but I want to be sure it's legit great quality?  Thanks
text:Thanks man!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Option A: replace all your shirts that don’t fit   Option B: pivot into sexcore	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I agree to disagree	labels:My former co worker used to chime in on arguments w/ the common refrain: "I like chicken".  He did better than "I agree to disagree" 9 times out of 10.	episode_done:True
text:Calvin Klein Jeans and pretty much any “Jeans” brand I think is secondary too	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Jeans: Recommendations and Reviews	labels:Honestly I think you have to give way more detail on your old pair and what you’re looking for.  In my mind the biggest hurdle to perfect jeans is the fit, and since every body is different this is highly individual. Some people might prefer stretchier denim for a more forgiving fit, while others look for stiffer fabric, and have less leeway.   Personally I still struggle to find a high rise, non cropped, fits my thighs and waist, plain dark wash, straight/skinny, 90% or more cotton, pair of jeans. But hopefully I’ll find it eventually!
text:General Discussion - December 06, 2020	labels:What has been your crowning fashion achievement or something that you're super proud of?   For me it's probably that one time I made the denim pilgrimage to Kojima Jeans Street in Okayama and bought a pair of Kamikaze Attack from the owner himself. That or my wardrobe built on sample sales
text:Shitpost Saturday: Let's Talk About Purses	labels:I make ten million dollars a year at my wall street job BUT I only have one purse from madewell because I like to be humble unlike certain women I see with multiple fancy expensive purses (no judgement!! just not the way I was raised :)).  I love it because it’s a pretty tiny bag— perfect for me since I don’t need to carry any makeup around because I don’t wear it! I couldn’t focus at work with all that cake on my face, I don’t know how those other girls do it. they probably aren’t hitting their performance targets like I am!   I also love that it’s vegan— I wouldn’t want to do any harm to my fellow living beings! anyway gtg, I have to go sell bets on the value of someone’s family home :).
text:I'd argue that society never needed Anna Wintour in the first place.	labels:Eh, she had her place in the history of fashion, specifically fashion media. For better and for worse. But, yes, emphasis on "had."	episode_done:True
text:Tailoring as a lifestyle choice - Suiting in The Crown	labels:But sometimes it's more than a combination of scissors, a sewing needle and an experienced tailor.	episode_done:True
text:Your crime here was being pretty/thin	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How would you style or rebuild your wardrobe around your holy grail fashion piece?	labels:Pear shape with a big arse - I want Lauren Bacall style wool trousers. Fluid, full, and fitting just so on the waist. Styled classic for work with an equally full and fluid washed silk shirt, rolled up sleeves and tucked in with a patent waist belt. For brunch dates with a bateau neck tee that fits like a second skin, and for evenings with a low backed long sleeved version of the same. A chunky, cropped length fisherman’s jumper if theres a chill on casual strolls
text:addition to doomeagle's reply, thread will pop up around 6pm GMT/12pm EDT, as usual waywt threads	labels:I've never done one of the WAYWT challenges and I always saw the pictures compiled like they were submitted in advance. I'll be around for Sunday tho. Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Its not about assessing fashion and art. I can understand what she was doing and why its significant - and I can also be skeptical of its significance. Its goofy to me people would simp so hard for someone who "wanted to change the system from within" and apply leftist politics to market what is and remains a luxury brand - she even admits a fashion designer was antithetical to her political stance growing up, but she was too seduced by beauty to leave the world of fashion.   So color me none surprised when she goes on to become a billionaire off the backs of slaves.   My point isnt "nylon isnt luxury so she shouldnt sell cheap synthetics to rich people as a statement against fashion" its "being a luxury brand is antithetical in its very nature to the same politics you so self ascribe and market with - but the fact you found out a way to both use cheap materials with same upcharge and feel good about yourself is a perfect cherry to top it off"	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Thanks! Honestly it got kind of confusing looking into this and I think that's on purpose. It really is shocking how the same company is involved in all these cases.. In this Buzzfeed article it talks about some of the other companies (or scams lol) that they have done and they are ALL companies targeted towards women including botox and weightloss shakes, while the company is owned by two white men. It's gross.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:It's a mod conspiracy guys! They're *telling you* who *they* want in control! Don't fall for it! Vote Unidan 2021!	labels:> Unidan  blast from the past holy shit	episode_done:True
text:I love finding ways to dress down fancy things. I wear pretty dresses with my charcoal Allbirds or flat loafers on the regular. Just by the virtue of wearing it so casually and regularly, it becomes more casual and regular.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Women that work labor jobs, what parts of your wardrobe are most important to you?	labels:I worked EMS the last almost five years in my Danners with nothing more than leather scratches on them. And those have SEEN things. I would recommend any of their boots with no hesitation. If your company does a boot allowance take advantage of it.  I second the need for good boot socks. Worth every penny.	episode_done:True
text:Lessons from a Year of No New Clothes	labels:Love your post.  I recently-ish got a sewing machine and am making myself only wear stuff I make.  Sewing can be an expensive hobby, however, I feel the clothes I do make would be less expensive than what I'd buy because I tended to go for nicer brands or linen sellers on Etsy (which can cost a pretty penny).  So, overall, I'm spending less money, have a new fun hobby, and it also makes me be more intentional with what I make since I'm not the fastest sewist.  Edit: also, in addition to unsubscribing to sale emails like you mentioned, I also moved all my shopping favorites in my browser to another folder that was annoying to get to.  I didn't want to delete it in case I do need a new winter coat or something (and can't remember brands). But this has really helped my window-not-really-shopping.	episode_done:True
text:Natural Fibres	labels:I just made my first order from Seams Friendly. They are based in India. Apparently everything is sustainably ethically made. Natural fibers and naturally dyed.   The best part is they make everything to order using your measurements so clothes are basically tailored to you. And the prices are unbelievably reasonable.   I ordered a dress and a top, both are 100% cotton, well constructed, and fit me like they were made for me (because they were).   The one drawback is it took about 6 weeks from order to arrival, but I actually think that’s pretty quick for something that was made to order and then shipped from India to the US.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 09, 2021	labels:Does anyone know where I can buy Divided brand T-shirts?  I bought some from H&M about 5 or 6 years ago and they are the best tees I've ever owned. They had a perfect fit and length, had no logos, and came in a variety of different colors.  I recently bought some plain tees from H&M but they aren't the same shirt - they don't have a divided tag but have an H&M label instead. The fit is good but the quality and material are not the same. After one wash the collar won't lay flat.  If anyone knows what I'm talking about, please let me know where I can buy some! The ones I have are nearing the end of their life.
text:Pantone Color(s) of the year for 2021: Illuminating and Ultimate Gray	labels:This color combo feels so 2010ish. Like, when chevrons were on EVERYTHING and bubble necklaces were all the range.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 03, 2020	labels:Does anyone have any recommendations on joggers for tall and and lankey people? Im 32x37 and cant find anything that looks decent. I would want a pair of Lulus but the "tall" has a max of 32" inseam. Any help would be appreciated
text:Honestly, I think you’re better off looking at these brands’ stockists and looking at other brands they carry. Shops like Self Edge, Standard & Strange, Clutch, etc.    I’d say Mister Freedom is fairly similar but there are lots of brands that share similarities.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I really relate to this - novelty prints are one of my greatest weaknesses! I’m constantly on the hunt for dresses/rompers and skirts with a funky print. I love the idea of a printed shirt with a skirt, though, might try that one!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What Do You Wear With Strong Sentimental Value?	labels:Pop's Ring  My wedding ring was my Grandad's wedding ring. I lost mine and after he passed I decided I would wear his in place of mine.   3 diamond setting is a bit flashy for standard mens wedding ring, I imagine it had to be super flashy back in his day (born in 1916). He was always a great dresser and a great man. We were very close, he's been gone 9 years now, I still think of him daily.
text:I (M/39) just bought some bright yellow, women's, terry loungepants from August November. What wonderful "non-female" fashion items have you purchased recently? Do you ever dip into the men's section?	labels:I always look in the men’s section for tshirts, hoodies, and flannels! Men’s flannels are so much better than women’s flannels
text:Hell yeah Blundstones, my number one pandemic shoe! They're built like tanks, comfy to walk in, excellent tread, low maintenance, easy on and off, and go well with a surprising amount of looks.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Back to School - a Dark(ish) Academia Inspired Style Album	labels:It's funny, I've been following this sort of style for a while and just realized it'll be appropriate for me for when I start work! I think adding a sweater, scarf, maybe wool skirt here and there will be good for that a cozy feeling.	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Texture!	labels:It has just gotten cold where I live and I didn't realize that I needed this album. It felt like how I want to spend the next five months; wrapped up under a bunch of blankets with some coffee.  Also, does anyone know where I could get a similar sweater to the lips sweater on the woman in the black leather skirt?	episode_done:True
text:[Serious answers only] FAQ: Why does runway fashion looks like nothing you'd ordinarily wear on the daily?	labels:Speak for yourself. Some of us enjoy wearing over-the-top fashion.	episode_done:True
text:TeeJay's Random Scent Reviews (M/30) (10/22/2020)	labels:I actually get crazy longevity from Ombré Leather, weird you only get 4-6 hours out of it. I seem to prefer it ovee Tuscan Leather since it's missing the strong raspberry note, amps up the leather component and is also way more affordable.	episode_done:True
text:ModCloth Returns to “Independent” Ownership	labels:I still buy a lot of ModCloth stuff for work, it's not all cutesy. I have a lot of really good wardrobe staples and so many work dresses from there. Basically, anytime I'm buying new, I go to ModCloth, but that's only once or twice a year. Everything else I thrift	episode_done:True
text:They MUST expand onto Europe! And keep Red Fleece. Rest I agree with.  Also, Red Fleece should change to the normal BB logo.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Liberals love to shit on poor people and the people with the least amount of power in society. Imagine if they turned their ire on what actually causes all of our social problems, capitalism. I wouldn't bet on that though.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone else use a “formula” to create their outfits?	labels:I generally find its easier to base your outfits around one piece, often an accent piece or statement piece. I got the idea from storytelling/art composition seminars, its infinitely more easy to come up with a composition once you know what your main character is interacting with scene/item wise. The same applies to outfits, once you have your main piece for that outfit you can decide how casual/dressed up you want to be, whether you need to add more textures, and what colors will match with said pieces color.  Generally I stick to the rules of trying to match the metals/detailing of outfits, trying to either go with neutrals for primary pieces with skintone matches to accents, or going with monochrome outfits(which generally look very stylish automatically). Fit wise, I generally make sure that I alternate between loose up top/form fitting below the waist, or vice versa. Silhouette is the most important thing, I try to go for clean lines.  Pattern wise I limit them to one pattern max, the same goes for textured pieces.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 30, 2020	labels:I’m invited to a New Years indoor house party. This might seem simple and stupid for most, but I’m at a loss as to what I should wear.    I usually dress business casual, and I stand a lot. The pants I have aren’t very comfortable for rolling around in, or sitting casually (raw denim, tucked in shirt, etc) - to which at this party there will be food and drink, and lots of floor space to sit or lay (they have no furniture, and people usually just sit on the floor). Pretty casual, however I don’t want to look like a slob or over dress.   I know this is probably obvious as to why anyone would care if the environment is this chilled, but there’s a standard im trying to keep myself to.   Any suggestions - thanks.
text:Fall 2020 Fit Battle - Elite 8 - Discussion	labels:I've been doing very shitty analysis/writeups for every other round, so might as well continue the trend!   **8888plasma** vs HalftheGoldTreasure: Plasma's pattern mixing here is really great, very luxe overall. I wish we had an alternate with the sleeves down though. Chuck's depriving us of having MAXIMUM fun with layering the shirt, but I really like how the different colors pop out of the sweater. However, don't think the popped collar works very well with the neck of the sweater, worked better last week imo. ^^^I ^^^died ^^^for ^^^this, ^^^Chuck? ^^^for ^^^THIS!?     Rariora vs Salutorian: Really fuck with Rariora's drop shoulder cardigan. Top half feels like comfy wfh, bottom half feels more formal, to me it feels kinda incongruent. Sal's fit has really grown on me, the sock and sandals combo in the deets shot is so damn cool.  This one got more difficult for me the longer I looked at them. Haven't voted on this one yet, gunna let it stew.     NgoKnows vs **DeLaJoel**: DLJ knocks it outta the park here, such a cool fil. Colors and silhouette are just awesome all around. The shirt is such an awesome piece. Really dig Ngo's fit too, especially with the scarf. Feels like it should be in a Fall inspo album. But Cheesin' Joel is just too powerful.     **Chunsak** vs Thecomebackkid: Good god man. I really really like TCK's fit overall, but I think Chun's fit here is the best of the whole battle. Absolutely phenomenal stuff.	episode_done:True
text:Yeah the Sand People really had some great costume design.   Not just the men, but the women and children too	labels:	episode_done:True
text:All-time favorite cold weather pieces?	labels:DON'T ORDER ONLINE FROM UNIQLO UNLESS YOU'RE 100% CONVINCED THAT YOU WON'T NEED TO RETURN.  More details in the original reply to a comment in this thread.	episode_done:True
text:Skirts and dresses in winter - how to look good and be warm with a combo of boots, socks, tights?	labels:I agree with you about black tights looking weird with certain outfits...my answer is that I specifically buy my winter skirts/dresses to look good with black tights lol. If it doesn't, then it's just not gonna be worn in the fall/winter, it's too cold where I live for bare legs and I have never really found other colors/patterns of tights that I like the look of. Plus it means that everything also matches with black boots so it just makes things easy.  Also I just want to shout the praises of fleece lined tights from the rooftop. Those and loose fitting dress=ultimate comfort, but looks like you tried. I agree with the other commenter who suggested sizing up in tights, they never fit right when I got my true size, now that I size up I don't feel like I'm constantly adjusting them throughout the day anymore.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 15, 2021	labels:Oh man big personal win for me today. I got a call from a job recruiter yesterday for a job that's 50 outbound calls a day for 15 bucks an hour I hesitantly agreed but this morning I sent a text pretty much saying it wouldn't be a good use of my skill set and I'm looking for a job paying closer to 17 an hour dude comes back with a document review job (essentially what I do now) for 18 an hour were gonna have a virtual meeting on Monday about it!
text:Chore Coat Inspo Album	labels:Oh well, you’ve convinced me!	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: No-Nonsense Professional Stately Fantasy Princess	labels:Oh my gods, that blue ombré plaid coat and that last grey coat have killed me! Same with that brocade trench coat, I have a thing for beautiful fall/winter coats......	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge Announcement: Corduroy	labels:I need all of the corduroy inspo	episode_done:True
text:Thank you for the detailed response! I love the style and might keep an eye out for something similar but with a stronger gold tone	labels:	episode_done:True
text:That's incorrect phrasing. You aren't placing the blame in the right place. It's "bitches won't sleep with me" subs.  /s, in case it was needed	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Jokes on him cause I’m slowly watching him price cut them, and am eventually just gonna offer $80 for them lmao	labels:FUCK EM UP   what APC pants are they? If they’re Petit New Standards in a 29 I’ll sell you my pair rn lol
text:Hand wash only clothes	labels:I buy a lot of clothes with special washing instructions.  To me, "hand wash only" usually means "put in in the washer on cold and gentle cycle and hang to dry."   Exceptions: anything made of wool or silk must be washed in the bathtub by hand with The Laundress Wool and Cashmere Shampoo instead of detergent. This is what I do for anything labelled "dry clean only" as well.  Leather is the only thing I do not wash either in the gentle cycle or the bathtub.
text:The White Issue: Has Anna Wintour’s Diversity Push Come Too Late?	labels:She hasn't changed her haircut in 40 years	episode_done:True
text:There was a reddit shower thought awhile back about how Dads are like time capsules because they wear whatever was popular / in style when they had kids... as if they just stopped buying clothes and keeping up with trends once they had the first kid.  It seems like mid-20s/early-30s white guys in tech are the same. Based on what they're wearing, you can tell when they first started paying attention to how they dress. And they're all convinced that whatever they wear is timeless or classic, without recognizing that they just bought in to whatever was trending at that time (menswear, minimalism, streetwear, etc.) and that they already are starting to look dated.	labels:I agree. I just think that this partially resulted from how we used to "teach" fashion by some sort of quasi-scientific approach, with all the infographics etc. on how "clothes should look like". Everyone got a dose of post-hoc rationalisations on why the fashion of the day is "right" and it is difficult to move past that. Cf. the whole thing about slim fit being the right fit.
text:What are your favorite sites to read and learn about fashion?	labels:If you like historic movies, Frock Flicks is great for analyzing themes and historic accuracy of costumes.	episode_done:True
text:What fashion FAQs would you like answered as megathreads? v2	labels:"why do some fits get praised when they clearly go against the sidebar"  "what's the difference between shirt fabrics?"  Edit to distract myself from current events I'm gonna add  "what is the difference between American, italian and British cut suits?"  "where do I go besides MFA to learn more about fashion?"
text:Your favorite ___ for $___: Shawl Cardigans	labels:Where can I find the one on the cover photo?	episode_done:True
text:What’s something you wish you could tell clothing manufacturers to do differently?	labels:I realize this will probably never happen, but I would really appreciate it if the sizing was more consistent between brands. It can get confusing checking the size guides of each brand when doing online shopping.
text:Inauguration Fashion Discussion	labels:Amanda Gorman’s padded headband and sparkling mask (matching her mom’s!) and bright yellow coat looked darling.
text:Revisiting Fall/Winter Favorites: N1 Deck Jackets pt2	labels:What brand is the jacket in #17 & #18?	episode_done:True
text:Hell yeah	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 24	labels:can someone elaborate on the difference between the following 5 types of coats?: peacoat, duffle coat, trench coat, top coat, and overcoat?
text:I love the idea of a weekend wardrobe! I work in an office where everybody is super casual (jeans and T-shirts) that whenever I dress up (wear a cute dress or even mini skirt + stockings in the winter), I get asked if I have plans after work or I end up feeling overdressed. So even if I do feel good when I leave the house, I feel super conscious by the time I get to the office. A weekend wardrobe sounds like a good plan!	labels:The best reply to those comments is "this is what I wear now" and then ignore them. They will stop asking if you're consistent for a couple weeks.   I'm in a super male dominated environment for both my jobs and my style is very Ms. Frizzle-esque.   One of my jobs is uniformed, other isn't. The former, I go absolutely nuts and colourful on my makeup (legit will wear glitter and draw designs with eyeliner if I'm feeling in the mood for it) and the latter meant I was more dressed up than about 98% of the staff (there was one cashier who was like me, she DGAF what people thought and would wear jewel tone velvet shirts and leather pants and studded boots when everyone else was in jeans and t shirts. She looked awesome. )     After about a week, people stopped asking questions.	episode_done:True
text:What's your favorite kind of novelty clothing?	labels:Berets! I have one with a cat wearing a bow tie on it. Same with tie collar blouses with huge neck bows.	episode_done:True
text:So glad that these decades are back in.  I'm living for flares, earth tones, and corduroys.	labels:I look so bad in the earth tones that are popular right now, but I also love the cords and non-skinny pants! I love the wide leg and bell bottoms!	episode_done:True
text:Guidance organizing a suit for my fiancé for his father's funeral during lockdown	labels:Navy slacks without a pattern and white shirt (tie is not my area). Mismatch of fabric is critical in this case because you are not building suit, but rather classical sport coat and slack combi.
text:Vintage Patagonia Fleeces: Fluff That’s Worth a Fortune	labels:how can you say that you got into everything Yvon stood for when you're charging $300 for an old fleece lol
text:Unusual inspirations	labels:Some of my style icons are Han Solo from Star Wars (and to a lesser degree, Indiana Jones) and Cayce Pollard from the novel Pattern Recognition by William Gibson.
text:Shitpost Saturday: Expressing Your True Self	labels:My true self is exposing 70% of my breasticles to show off my jesus chest piece
text:Sustainability and "Indulgence" in Era of the Rona	labels:I just found out about goodwill outlet bins recently and I am soooooo excited about the idea of going there , but I'm scared to go during COVID because I'm personally following a "only go to stores where I can maintain 6 ft social distancing space at all times" policy. I heard online that people get really intense at the outlet bins, and get right in your face and elbow you out of the way to grab clothes and all that stuff. I'm very curious, what are your personal experiences? Should I feel safe checking it out/are there new safety rules in place, or should I wait for a few months?
text:General Discussion - December 30, 2020	labels:hey all. it's been at least 3+ years since I've looked at this subreddit. Lost my old account, but remembered this place exists. What happened? I remember WAWYT threads and the front page being super active, now I see posts with barely any comments and posts from 3 days ago on the front page.  This used to be *the* subreddit to be on with over 2 million subs. Maybe it was because I was most active from like 2012-2016 where hashtag menswear with clark desert boots and americana was huge, and a cultural shift of men wanting to learn how to dress better was occurring. Stuff like the MFA uniform coming out, comments of how people outside of California or NY were labeled as gay because they wanted to dress better lol.   Now it seems as if most men want to look good and dress better. And there are more resources besides this subreddit to help people dress better? It's less of a niche and now a societal norm? Or maybe it's just because it's 9 am where I live and people are still waking up lol.  What are your thoughts? Am I out of touch? Am I just too early? I've seen /r/malefashion is a lot more active.
text:Lookbook | +J 2020 Fall/Winter Collection | UNIQLO	labels:Black silk jersey turtleneck and the wool blazer/pant set..if I can get it before it all gets sold out I def will, even if I have no reason to go outside in a suit right now!	episode_done:True
text:What are the pros and cons of dressing the way that you do?	labels:Well, I'm a lesbian with long hair and traditionally feminine clothes.   Pro: People assume I'm straight. This means I don't get the constant judgment that comes with looking visibly queer (unlike my fiancée, who we joke is a "50 footer" because you can tell she's a lesbian from 50 feet away). I work in healthcare and live in a politically mixed area, and everyone is automatically friendly to me.   Con: People assume I'm straight. So if I mention my fiancée people assume she's male, and if her pronouns come up I have to have this whole awkward interaction where (at best) they go "Oh--she??? Ohhhhh" and then look me up and down, awkwardly change the subject or ask me invasive questions, and stop being so friendly with me. Also, men hit on me, and women never hit on me.
text:How different is your actual heel length vs what it's advertised as and, how much does it change by shoe size for you?	labels:I don’t get it, it seems like the height of the larger size is also larger therefore would not have a different angle??	episode_done:True
text:How did you curate/purge your wardrobe specifically for moving? What pieces did you bring when moving to a drastically different climate? What other fashion moving tips do people have?	labels:I live in a small space so I try to make my pieces wearable throughout the year. I always wear a cami, jeans/shorts, and ankle boots. My open knit cardigan works all year round. You really have to be realistic and ask if you’re going to wear it in the next couple of years and how you’re going to store it. I would get rid of things that you could easily replace and polyester/polyamide (because it’s not as breathable and caused me bacne).   For the third piece, consider accessories. Belts, necklaces, bracelets, scarves, bags, hats, and earrings can add interest to your outfit.	episode_done:True
text:Caruso Fall/Winter 2020	labels:I've always found it difficult to match orange. Thanks for the ideas !	episode_done:True
text:Ordered from Shoe The Bear (rant, experience in post)	labels: On Cyber Monday 2018, I bought a pair of Suede Chelsea boots from Shoe The Bear and they're one of my favorite pairs of kicks. Fit was awesome, quality was amazing for what I paid (~$70). I've worn these boots 100+ time and still holding up great.  Fast forward to this past Cyber Monday. I wanted a pair of cognac/brown colored Chelseas from Shoe The Bear. They arrived within a few days fron Portugal. I was so excited to open the box....and they are completely the wrong color.  They're so far from the correct color, customer service is claiming that I treated the leather myself and they don't carry boots in this color.  To say this experience is bizarre is an understatement - No, I did not treat the leather. I took the picture within minutes of opening the package because I couldn't believe what I received. I'm going to try and return them but now they're claiming I treated the leather so who knows what will happen.
text:What are your thoughts on outfit repeating multiple days in a row?	labels:I’m such a smelly and sweaty human I could never do this but good for you for being able to!   I’m in tech so I feel like no one would notice or care but if it was a very memorable outfit like a bright coloured pant suit I think some more observant people might wonder if I hadn’t had a chance to go home the night before
text:I hear you with the sensitive skin! I love wool, but it’s like having a sweater made of millions of tiny razor blades on my body :(	labels:	episode_done:True
text:No but if you do get your hands on a hard copy or scans online you can use the google translate app on your phone to get a decent enough idea of what the text portions say. The app has a feature now where it will read text through your camera so you can point it to anything and it will translate. That’s what I do. the text is kinda secondary to the images in most of these magazines, some of them barely have any written articles to begin with.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I want these colours to look good on me so badly but  they look awful on my skin tone.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Prada FW21 Menswear (Miuccia Prada and Raf Simons)	labels:Love it. I've always liked Raf when he's grounded by the history of another fashion house as opposed to his own eponymous label. Was a huge fan during his Jil Sander days and this looks like a return to that form.  I'm really excited to see what he has in store for the women's line as I found the output at Dior really great.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 19, 2020	labels:WAyrates is a scam, but they have SICK photos of the exact clothing I'm looking for for some outdoors work  Anyone know of a similar brand that is not a scam	episode_done:True
text:I'm getting a strong "we're all in this together" vibe from it.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I cannot remember it at all, I think it was stocked at Haven.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 19, 2020	labels:The thing where we say "Loro Piana" if somebody doesn't provide a budget is neither helpful nor amusing.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- November 08	labels:Stetson style hat yeah or nah? If yeah, inspo?	episode_done:True
text:There's a time for suede...and it's called September.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Merry Christmas and happy holidays to the /r/MaleFashionAdvice community!	labels:Merry Christmas To Everyone and Stay Safe.	episode_done:True
text:Keep well dude. Have a good break!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:This year, I don’t even wanna wear leggings anymore. Just sweatpants/joggers, or actually any loose pants that don’t touch my skin 99% of the time. Been a year of not wearing skinny jeans that I’m now even kinda scared to try them on to find out how much I gained over the quarantine 🥵	labels:	episode_done:True
text:well dressed- you consistently dress in a way that makes you feel good and confident   good outfit- an outfit that makes you feel good and confident	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Revisiting Fall/Winter Favorites: N1 Deck Jackets pt2	labels:Can anyone id the one in pic 4?	episode_done:True
text:Color 8 shell looks so good with denim, it hurts.	labels:I'm exaggerating of course, but color 8 is my answer when my kid asks me my favorite color.	episode_done:True
text:You're overthinking it. I wear the same stuff, it's just a jacket.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Aerie has amazingly soft night gowns. I basically only buy them because they look nice under my kimono type robe but I'm guessing they're right up your alley!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The best relaxed trousers — 13 bought and tested	labels:Quality post. This convinced me to finally grab a pair of Gramicci pants. Actual G pants were all out in my size, so ended up grabbing the loose tapered pants. Still excited, thank you for the recommendation.	episode_done:True
text:What unknown/smaller brands should we all know about that don't often get posted here?	labels:Commenting to save the thread	episode_done:True
text:Not trying to be a dick but have you considered the Clarks stores themselves? They have a few stores in midtown.	labels:Man I’m dumb. For some reason there weren’t any locations coming up on my searches lol. I thought it was weird that I didn’t see any hahahaha thanks buddy!	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Ghost Outfit	labels:!!! Oh no. I died wearing a fleece sweatshirt and old torn up men’s pajama pants from walmart. I died from eating shrimp fettuccine alfredo and listening to my mother try to talk to me about Trump.   Please don’t be alfredo me, my ghost name is Spooky Noodles.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 18, 2020	labels:Hi all,  i'm getting old, decided that maybe it's not the case to wear logo print tshirts anymore. Anyone can suggest some brands that have good quality plain colors tshirts at an affordable price? I'm located in Australia.  Thank you!
text:What age do you think you're too old to follow teenage-type style trends (ie e-girl style etc)? Or are you ever, why/why not?	labels:I'm in my mid-30s and have been seeing instagrammers wear outfits I would have worn or envied in 2004. I am definitely not planning to wear low rise anything again, but I would wear boleros, the mod influenced stuff, shiny and space print fabric, and bootcut jeans with tunics again. I don't want to dress like or be 2004 ModestMalka again, but I feel that I can dress like a woman my age would have dressed at that time instead.  You're 23 though, that's the perfect age for this stuff. I deeply regret trying to grow up too fast in my early 20s, selling or donating my fun clothes and then going out in polo shirts and cardigans for 6 months.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - February 16, 2021	labels:Has anyone else become really comfortable with the old person walk where you lean forward a little, hold one wrist in your other hand, and mosey along while you look around everywhere? In the COVID genre of walks just because, this has become my go-to move.
text:How do I find out what I really like and want?	labels:Loads of good advice already. I would also consider how you want to express yourself and be seen. E.g. Fun? Classic? Quirky? Uncomplicated? Elegant? That sort of thing, do some navel gazing. Do you want to show off your body or obscure it? What looks do you love on other people? What colours and fabrics do you love (or not).	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge: Casual Tailoring	labels:	episode_done:True
text:/u/bond__jamesbond for pulling off a wide range of styles so well	labels:	episode_done:True
text:[Inspiration] Florals are such a mood	labels:What a fun artistic / aesthetic experiment! I too love florals, and though I don’t wear them with quite this level of maximalist vigor, I loved many of these images! Thanks for pulling them together!	episode_done:True
text:Honestly, it’s so hot and humid down here (south Louisiana) in summer that mostly all anyone ever wears are tank tops and shorts. I can’t imagine wearing anything with long sleeves, even thin ones, because then I just think of them clinging to my sticky, sweaty skin. What I’m trying to say is, actually living in the South is suffering.	labels:Truly it is. Adding insult to injury, I dress “modestly” (I hate that term but don’t have a better one) and have had to work very hard to stay covered and cool in the Delta. It ain’t cute though.	episode_done:True
text:I second the white top and light jeans look	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone else have “irony pieces”?	labels:Unfortunately, my entire wardrobe as a construction worker.  I'm a construction superintendent, so I wear the same thing every day. Boils down to a thermal layer, hiking pants, a quarter zip fleece, a heated jacket, work boots, a vest, and a hard hat  After a couple years, I'm so used to wearing actually practical clothes that I'm annoyed to wear heels or deal with shitty pockets or worry about a skirt flying up.  I'm officially that queer woman who goes to the bar with her keys clipped onto her belt loop with a carabiner so I don't have to carry a purse
text:Y.＆SONS A/W 2020 Contempory Mens Kimono	labels:so cool!! I want wear it!!	episode_done:True
text:Do you have a childhood fashion icon? If so, does their influence show up in your wardrobe today?	labels:When I was a child, I looked mostly towards like tween and teen fashion rather than adult fashion. I loved Sabrina the Teenage Witch and Mary Kate and Ashley Olson. They were all like the epitome of the sweet-normal-but-stylish-girl-next door characters. Outfits always cute, but accessible/not over the top
text:Ladies with eczema or sensitive skin, what kind of leisure wear, tights, and leggings do you buy?	labels:Natural fibers only! Also, I'm allergic to so many laundry detergents I now use my low allergic body wash and vinegar. I just had an awful reaction to accidentally using the wrong low allergy sensitive detergent.	episode_done:True
text:What rules do you break for your body type?	labels:I’m pretty tall but I like to wear really high heels sometimes even though I tower over pretty much everyone. Sometimes people make stupid comments but I don’t care
text:Accessories newbie and am not sure where to start...what are your must-have starter pieces?	labels:I’m following this because I still have yet to figure out accessorizing.	episode_done:True
text:How have you been doing your shopping since Covid?	labels:I haven't been in a store in 7 months.  But it's not a sacrifice for me as I already vastly preferred online shopping (I like that I can comparison shop similar products across stores with the click of a button, and that I can jump on sales quickly).  I have a core 4 or 5 stores I shop at so I know my standard sizing there.  It's rare that I need to return an item...I order the size that I know, from past history, is very likely to fit.  And fortunately almost all of my core stores have easy free returns (except Uniqlo and their $10 online shipping return fee - boooooo).  It also helps that I like an oversized fit so if I've ordered slightly big, chances are I'll still like the fit.	episode_done:True
text:Grats on coming out and for the upcoming toit nups	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What ultimate-splurge fashion item would you buy to reward yourself for achieving a big milestone?	labels:A real leather motorcycle jacket. I plan to slurge on it when I get my first paralegal job.	episode_done:True
text:Funny question	labels:Brocade frock coat. Offbeat and a little old-fashioned.	episode_done:True
text:Fear is the Mind Killer, Mando	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I like a mid-calf wool skirt that has plenty of folds, a wide hem, and a satin lining. The shape allows freedom of movement and room for other layers, and the smooth lining defeats friction so the hem doesn’t bunch up.   In the depth of winter, I’ll wear silk long johns and Cuddle-Duds pants underneath; the Duds are easy to pull off without putting on a show when I get to my desk. (I dislike changing in a bathroom.)  Lately I’ve had the thought that the ideal under layer might be those Indian-style pants with the crotch that comes down to the knee.	labels:I looove Cuddle-Duds! They are so soft and comfy	episode_done:True
text:I got my wedding dress cleaned and preserved at the cleaners. Why shouldn’t I have done that?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do I know if my sense of style is really mine or is it defined by others?	labels:There's that saying that "you don't know what you don't know", right? I couldn't conjure up a completely original and personal style out of thin air without pulling up inspiration and learning about all kinds of different styles and clothes and fabrics and aesthetics et cetera et cetera. My style is just a big mix of all kinds of trends from the last five years, but it's personal to me because I curated it.  I like to think of personal style as an iterative process similar to design, you build on top of what's already there, see what works, what doesn't, remove unnecessary things until there's nothing left to take away. What remains is just right. The one thing to realise is that it's not something that happens overnight, most people who have a really strong sense of personal style have been doing it for years or decades.	episode_done:True
text:Viberg Natural Shell & Grey Kangaroo - A quick update & pictures.	labels:Just got one, not necessarily this brand, it kinda squeaks. Any fixes for that?
text:Pantone Color(s) of the year for 2021: Illuminating and Ultimate Gray	labels:This color combo feels so 2010ish. Like, when chevrons were on EVERYTHING and bubble necklaces were all the range.
text:I've been able to get some great deals by finding a specific item I'm interested in and then doing a new search for just that item. I look through the available listings and if they're all in the same or similar condition I like all of the lower priced ones and wait for the offers to come in.  I do sometimes make offers myself, kinda depends on how much I want the item and how unique it is. Like, I'm much more likely to make an offer on something vintage that I know I won't easily find another of. I have one in my likes right now I'm waffling on but I really do want it. For offers, typically you can expect to make an opening offer around 50-60% of the list price and still be considered reasonable, especially in reseller closets. (Full disclosure I do flip on PM as a small side hustle, I mostly use the funds to buy new things for myself.) There's a 20% commission fee and the shipping discount comes out of the seller's pocket, so they generally list higher to account for these in their profit margins. If I'm lazy and just want the item sometimes I just make an offer that essentially gives myself free shipping lol, better margin for the seller so they're more likely to accept.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I read that as Mai Tai and thought, "wow, that's really creative, I would never think to imagine myself as a fancy beverage in this scenario, especially not one who is also fashionable."  Then I realized my error. But since that's not what you actually said, that's what choose for myself. 😂	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Mercari is a disaster from a buyer's point of view. Half of it is fake, and the interface is hard to navigate when I'm looking for something specific, which I usually am. I'd rather pay more on eBay. Poshmark used to be my go-to but only like 1 out of 3 things I buy actually ship. What a waste of my time and emotions.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I had a job interview up there.  Mine was black.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Google Launches Price Insights for Online Shopping. Track Prices for All Your Clothes.	labels:How long until it's shut down?
text:What are your favorite bags at the moment?	labels:I barely leave the house these days, but I usually wear a black APC half-moon bag. I also still get a lot of use out of my Want les Essentiels City and City Maxi bags (I loved the small version so much that I bought the larger version).	episode_done:True
text:DAE feel a disconnect between fashion you see in movies or TV and fashion you see in real life?	labels:Don't forget that the clothes you see on TV or in films are costumes, even if it's not a "costume drama". They fit well on screen because the whole look has been designed - everyone's outfits, the setting and so on. So unless it's a deliberate choice everything is going to look cohesive. By deliberate choice I mean things like a character wearing obviously different clothes to most of the rest of the cast to show they're old fashioned, or quirky and so on.  I'm certainly not saying don't look to film and TV for inspo, but either try to modify what you see to more match where you are, or accept the fact you might look more dressed up than the majority and go with it anyway.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 01, 2020	labels:Does anyone know where I can get something similar to a Nudie Suit?	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 07, 2021	labels:Did the Uniqlo Supima shirts go down in quality?  I was going to buy some today from the website and the only 2 reviews that they had both said that they weren’t the same anymore and that they felt worse, I was wondering if any of you have bought the shirts after the new year and if you have; are they still the same or have they actually gone down in quality?	episode_done:True
text:Tailoring is so often maligned as being uncomfortable by design, but I think the trends towards slim and skinny cuts over the last fifteen years are to blame -- to the point where many people have no idea how a suit is supposed to fit.  If jackets or formal trousers are too uncomfortable, the two most likely factors at fault are a) you are wearing an inappropriate fabric for the season and b) they are too tight. It's true that a suit is unlikely to ever feel as soft and flexible as a pair of joggers and a t-shirt, but for the most part there's no reason why it should be uncomfortable.  Some general tips: higher waists and wider thighs for trousers than what is currently trendy is much more comfortable - as is holding them up with braces rather than a belt, if that is a style you're happy with. Jackets should have wide enough shoulders and narrow enough armholes that they do not affect your movement at all; the fabric should just drape off you.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I tend to agree. I think most women today who have office jobs would probably actually feel overdressed in a fitted blazer, not to mention outside of the office. I personally own a black blazer that I think I've worn to two interviews, and that's about it.  In fact, I think I would just update the list to replace a blazer with some sort of cardigan. I feel they fit in with a wider range of styles than a fitted blazer does at this point.	labels:Its jeans and t-shirts at my job. Maybe... someone wears a polo. Higher-ups dress more professional, though. Wearing even business casual can feel like one is overdressed.	episode_done:True
text:Describe your style in five words	labels:Dresses, faster than whole outfits.	episode_done:True
text:I would wear it.   No, that’s wrong. I would wear it once and then put it on my dog, who truly believes it.   From your in-laws, though? Yikes...	labels:	episode_done:True
text:My experience with them is you may feel awkward at first but everyone automatically assumes you’re extremely confident and put together. It’s very relieving!	labels:thanks!	episode_done:True
text:Nike Among Many Brands Lobbying Against Xinjiang Forced Labor Bill	labels:Next time a capitalist calls me a hypocrite for complaining about capitalism from a smart phone, I now know what to link them. Thanks.  Fucking hate capitalists so much. Such liars.	episode_done:True
text:How is sezane quality for you? Do they hold up?   I love the aesthetic, but both times I tried ordering from them, I was so disappointed with the feel of the fabric and thought I wouldn’t want to pay more than Madewell prices for the quality.	labels:It really depends what you get. My Sezane silk pieces are high quality for the price, especially during the archives sale. My 100% merino wool sweater is also super soft, warm, and pretty—as soft as cashmere but warmer and without all the pilling. I don't like the jeans and would avoid the viscose and polyester pieces. The shoes are overpriced; I have a few pairs that I got secondhand but I won't be buying any more. I have some good Sezane dresses too but they aren't as consistently good as the blouses. One thing I quite like about Sezane is that returns are free and easy, even during Archives sale. The customer service has been good in my experience too—if there are issues with your order, you usually get credit notes or free gifts.  The best quality pieces have just really thoughtful details—beautifully designed patterns, nice buttons, buttons up the back (so no gaping in front!), viscose (as opposed to polyester) linings, laces made out of cotton so they sit well and aren't itchy. It you like a tailored fit or have a very curvy body type the fit may not be idea. But I kind of like that tops are boxy/oversized because they fit my larger bust and shoulders, and I can just tuck them in for my preferred silhouette.  It's hard to describe how the pieces have held up over time because they are typically things I wear to work, and I haven't been to work in almost a year. I had one viscose dress that shrank, so I swore off the viscose! My silk shirts have done great with just hand washing. I have a wool coat that I got secondhand that has gotten very pilly, but I think that's just the fabric. I have had it for years, and there are no tears in the lining or loose buttons or misshapenness (issues I have had with many winter coats before). The linen is a little on the rougher side, but my linen pieces have kept their shape and the color didn't bleed with hand washing. I also have a secondhand pink cotton blouse that I put through the washing machine all the time and it still looks great.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 05, 2020	labels:Quilted pants, so hot right now
text:Oh my god, litas! The uniform of every tumblr girl with bambi legs. I was so jealous :(	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Yeah I'm sorry man, there was a lot of backlash yesterday haha. I'd love to see your fit on Monday though!	labels:Lol, I thought it was silly but I was ready to do it. Now I just have no ideas.
text:Advice needed - Nordstroms Out of Stock items	labels:Since the post is being left up for general discussion I also want to throw out that if something sells out because it’s on a good sale you can bookmark the page and keep checking it to see when/if someone returns it. I’ve gotten a few items this way by just being patient and checking in. The last one was something my mom really wanted so I checked for months and one finally got returned at the rack. It definitely beats paying the marked up prices on poshmark and the like.	episode_done:True
text:Me: haha this dark academia is a little corny, but it does look kinda cool ngl, unless you think it’s lame haha jk unless you do lol haha	labels:Happy green icon day ya weenie	episode_done:True
text:A warning for H&M Online Purchases	labels:It's not just H&M most online orders outside of Amazon have been much longer due to the pandemic. I placed an order more than a week ago and am okay with waiting since I don't need the item right away.
text:They're either incapable of understanding the basics of doing laundry that even a teenager can manage or they're lying, girl.   Any excuse to distance themselves from the poors and justify overpriced clothes because paying over $100 on a shirt means it's "better quality" than the $20 all the poors can afford. It's not.  They're just treating their cheap clothes like shit because they're cheap. The name brand stuff gets handwashed with angel tears by virgins with long hair in sundresses. Then they're surprised pikachu when the H&M sweater pills and the Sezane one does not.   Or even better, the h&m sweater is *obviously* shit because it pilled, but when your sweater is $300, pilling is suddenly "inevitable" and just use an electric shaver.	labels:Someone asked how to avoid sweaters disintegrating in the wash, so i asked what they meant, and they meant literally just pilling.  So I guess you're spitting truth lol
text:Shitpost Saturday: Fashion is dead. This is now a house plant subreddit.	labels:Oh neat. the windows in my apartment only get indirect sunlight, and due to mistrust on the part of my landlord I can only grow one plant (I rebelled), but it turns out hot peppers are pretty resilient. I have a couple habanero plants on the go and one thai chilli. I made hot sauce this year out of the former (my attempt was lousy. the recipe I used resulted in apple cider vinegar being WAY too strong), and I shall continue next year! The Habanero plant is about 2 years old now and can result in winter peppers, so I highly recommend	episode_done:True
text:Best way to buy clothes locally?	labels:I shop at locally owned businesses, I go to thrift stores, and I follow local artisans to shop for their products.   &#x200B;  I'm a bit confused as to why it is hard for you to find anything unless you live in a town that only has chain stores
text:Recommendation for Seamstress/similar	labels:I found my tailor through the recommendation of the owner of a local high end fabric store. They specialize in bridal fabrics. She had the portfolio of several designers and let us look. She did say, for what you want, you need THIS GUY. So we called him, and he's been tailoring and designing clothes for me and mom ever since. He's even become a good friend.	episode_done:True
text:Victorian, but Make it Fashion - Fashion Week Spring 2021 Inspo Album	labels:I am absolutely in love with the frills, ruffles and chiffon. I hope that this becomes a larger trend!	episode_done:True
text:Suit Supply Review Times Two	labels:I’ve also dealt with suitsupply twice and like you had two very different experiences.   In the first - a blue suit - I had a very clear idea of what I wanted and ordered it shipped to store so that I could just do minor tailoring. They took full measurements on every aspect of it, and asked what I wanted for each measurement too. Ie Do I like a wider pant opening? Or more tapered? Length of sleeves, etc. felt very much like a whole rundown of the entire suit.   The second was... bizarre if im being honest. I went in wanting to shop for a dark grey suit. I didn’t have a clear idea of what I wanted, but I was assuming I’d go the fully customized suit route and had toyed a bit with that on their website. I went in to the store to see fabrics and stuff in person before I made my purchase. I told them what I was planning and they basically took my chest measurement and then pushed me to not do the full customized, but instead buy off the rack. And for my color options, I was browsing the whole rack, but they straight up pointed me at only the grey tones they had in store at the moment in my size. When I asked about other shades I saw they basically said “yeah, we don’t have that one in your size” and stared at me. It was like the concept of ordering a fabric/color combo I liked in my size was a foreign concept to them. Measurements were weird too. They only measured and marked one pant leg and one sleeve for tailoring. I asked why he wasn’t doing the other sleeve/pant leg or any other measurements and he just said they weren’t necessary. I overall felt pushed around by the process, and rushed, and definitely don’t think the suit is as personally tailored to fit me as the first I bought.   Nevertheless, now I’m looking at getting a new blazer and again I’m looking at SS because the quality and fabrics are quite, quite good, and I don’t have many other MTM/customizable suiting options in my area.
text:it's New Orleans! i'm moving from Maine	labels:Awesome!! I’m not familiar about their winter weather but I assume it’s quite similar that you’ll want to keep sweaters and at least one coat just in case. Something you won’t need that I brought was heavy winter boots! You’ll be happy to say goodbye to those. As for your ac comment, I keep a sweater at work because it can get cold (I work an office job) but I normally wear dresses in the summer so I can go outside on walks without sweating	episode_done:True
text:+J/UNIQLO SPECIAL COLLABORATION: What’s the verdict?	labels:Wave the white flag! The prices aren’t good enough/don’t want it enough to monitor constantly - don’t get me wrong, if available I’d purchase in a heartbeat but not going to invest time in monitoring the website to see if it becomes available again the way I would for a true designer piece at a very good price rather than an interesting uniqlo collab
text:That reminds me what the vet said the first time we brought my dog in after we adopted her. She grabbed my dogs hind quarters, squeezed and said "these are ideally muscled thighs."	labels:Add this to the list if compliments I never knew I wanted to hear.	episode_done:True
text:Does Anyone Ever Feel Like It’s Hard to Find Basic Clothing Items That Were Plentiful in the Past?	labels:I love that you live in a world where a long velvet dress is a basic piece of clothing, please never change.  But, theyre seasonal - chances are that a few more will be released as Christmas and New Years get closer.
text:Show me your fall boots!	labels:Love sorel and rag & bone	episode_done:True
text:I do this too without the color part, not for practical reasons but because I used to work at Marshalls and any other system would seriously bother me at this point, haha.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Dressing for “housework” vs “working from my house”	labels:I do everything in sweatpants and a sweatshirt since the pandemic. 🤷🏻‍♀️	episode_done:True
text:Marilyn Monroe: Casual Style and Dressing for Men	labels:I think it's pretty outdated, but I don't see anything wrong with her saying she dresses for men, if that's in fact what she was doing. There are bits in here that aren't that different than what I hear people say/read on a regular basis:  > I don’t think I could dress like the illustrations in the high – fashion magazines. For that you require what is thought as a Vogueish figure , and is, I believe, a boyish type figure and I don’t have a boyish figure.   Pretty similar to the idea that women with straighter figures can wear clothing or particular shapes that aren't traditionally feminine, but curvier women need to wear clothing that shows their curves or end up looking fat.  > You have to be friends with your clothes if you’re going to dress for men – no too tight zippers or unnecessary doodads to make you uncomfortable! Sometimes their acceptance is just in their response, but the response tells me I am right.   I've heard this often enough: (straight) men don't appreciate complicated clothing, they don't like clothing that isn't "flattering" but might be aesthetically interesting.   I think a lot of the article's pretty silly from a modern perspective and has some eye-roll inducing lines about women not liking her clothing. However, it's not like (some) women don't dress for men at all any more. I don't think her opinions are that unusual, she's just putting them in a way that doesn't sound right for modern readers, especially because hardly anyone actually *says* they dress for men, even when they do. I don't care to dress the way MM did, and I don't share her opinions, but I also think she's conscious of playing a role here.
text:Messy eaters? Tell your stories and hacks / fixes.	labels:well alot of stains can be mitigated if you deal with it immediately.  for the most part, simply just rubbing a big of soap and water on the stain area immediately after the spill should make it come out quite easily.	episode_done:True
text:Thank you! ❤️	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The Very Useful Black Sweater	labels:I went for more of a darker gray in sweaters this fall/winter. I really Express’s charcoal color.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 11, 2020	labels: What are some good casual boots for $200-ish or less?  Looking to get my brother some boots for Christmas. He's 30 years old, and I'd describe his style as somewhere about halfway between basic-bro and hipster. Red Wings Heritage line would be perfect, but I don't know if I can swing $300.  Any less expensive alternatives? Around $200 or less would be great. He lives in Colorado - so they'll need decent tread for snow and such. Thanks in advance!
text:How do you shop for specific things without google clogging up with items from fast fashion? Or. How do you find the real designer of a fast fashion item?	labels:I try department stores with a wide range of designers, like Nordstrom and Saks. There are also higher end sites with lots of brands like Net-a-Porter, Luisaviaroma, and Farfetch.	episode_done:True
text:How do we feel about see-through totes?	labels:I am not nearly put together enough for a see through tote. I don't normally use a bag anyways, but this would never work for me. Tampons, meet the world!
text:Yeah I personally don't like it I also don't like quarter zips take that for what you will	labels:Will do, thank you for the advice. I think black on khaki is okay in certain situations but I'll pay attention to it next time I see it. I never really thought of it like that.	episode_done:True
text:Inspiration Has to Come From Somewhere: FireFighters	labels:Nigel Cabourn did a nice job incorporating some of the firefighter inspo into his garments a while back.	episode_done:True
text:I have had mostly leather ( good quality) bags over my lifetime.  They usually last about 6 years or more of daily wear before they are worn enough to replace, or another workhorse bag catches my eye.  If you like to change bags with outfits, or seasonal, I prefer relatively inexpensive ones to fill in, like straw, cloth, novelty.  I keep those under $20-$30 range.  One way to pay less for good quality are thrift stores un upscale areas.  My last bag cost $30 and was retail $600 Italian leather.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What were your favorite menswear collections that showed in 2020?	labels:I was gonna say Undercover but then you already have it in the post!   Loved everything about the collection, I have a soft spot for blending Japanese or Eastern traditions into modern garments. Sucks that it cost like $10k for that Samurai leather jacket.	episode_done:True
text:The oversupply of Merino wool is definitely not being used well by low-to-mall-tier brands. They're treating it like a softening agent instead of the star of the show. Best to look at brands who already do good Merino sweaters and buy there.	labels:Interesting, I didn’t know that. Who would you recommend?
text:Guidance organizing a suit for my fiancé for his father's funeral during lockdown	labels:So one thing to keep in mind is that, when your father passes away, most people aren't paying attention to what you wear. Many communities don't even expect a suit -- they just expect you not to wear anything too loud or disrespectful. But assuming he still wants a tailored jacket and pants.  6'5" is rather tall. I tend to say that height is not a clothing measurement, and it's not -- he might still find something off the rack... buuuuut it may be a lot of effort, especially if you can't get an arm measurement without a lot of effort. And I suppose it's not worthwhile to have him measured for a Made to Measure suit. So sure, just keep the gray jacket you have.  A gray jacket is... kind of easy and hard to pair at the same time. On one hand, it's neutral. On the other hand, you don't want to pair charcoal with black because it's usually low contrast; you don't want to pair it with other darkish grays, and you can't pair it with light grays for a funeral. You can't pair it with bright colors for a funeral. So you need navy blue trousers. That's the conservative, classic choice here... and it's fine.  100% wool is fine. Don't worry about an obvious mismatch -- you *want* an obvious mismatch, you don't want anybody to think he was trying to wear a suit but couldn't figure out how to match properly, you want people to look at him and know he is wearing separates on purpose.  A white shirt is your safest bet. A light blue shirt should usually also work, but might be a little more interesting than you want for a funeral. Get something sized by neck + arm measurements. Try Charles Tyrwhitt, they have a good variety of fits and do easy returns abroad. Charles Tyrwhitt shirts are 3/$100, don't pay a penny more.  A tie is probably still not necessary for a funeral, but if you want one anyway... well, what's your budget? There are brands that will sell you great extra-long ties.  Oh, and use a lint roller or garment brush to clean that jacket.	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Fashion AITA	labels:I am fairly well-known in my community for my unique fashion sense, ropes of pearls, zebra-striped roadster, and two-tone hair. A woman I knew from my school days has a lot of spotted dogs. When I commented that they would make a beautiful coat, she became offended! AITA?   Edit to add: My husband is a furrier, if that helps your decision.  Edit again to add: I may also be a lot older than the woman with the spotted dogs and have a red and black roadster and no husband, depending.
text:Black Friday Sale/Deal List 2020	labels:[Cultizm](www.cultizm.com/us) category 25% Sale start  Www.cultizm.com They have a lot denim, pants check!!   Lvc, orslow, studio Nicholson, japan designer, Europe designer, Engineered Garments , cp.company, momotaro jeans, japan blue, Carhartt Wip  Today bottom  code bwb25	episode_done:True
text:What are your feelings on thrifting from “problematic” brands?	labels:The company already made money off of the original purchase of the shirt, so you buying second hand doesn’t really benefit them in any way. If you really want the item, buying it second hand is probably the most ethical choice you can make. If someone asks where the piece is from, just say you don’t know so they won’t be tempted to buy from the brand lol
text:Black Denim Jacket Inspo Album	labels:red wing commercial lol	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 23, 2020	labels:Got an interview for vet school! Now I can spend 2 anxious months preparing for it.
text:Trans-friendly fashion and brands?	labels:I would try thrifting. You can try a bunch of styles, like most girls do when they become women, and develop your personal style. I've recently seen a lot of trans woman saying that they love boxey blazers even though traditional convention says that shouldn't work. Welcome to the party BTW!	episode_done:True
text:This is a perfect list, I would also add that you should not be afraid to break out of any style rules that you have. One thing I do when making myself break a random “rule” I made up for myself is to buy a realistic version (a color/fabric/style I already like/own) and wear the new/weird thing somewhere easy. I just forced myself to buy and wear a kimono top/jacket this way. It was a matching set and I had already bought the pants and had worn them, but didn’t buy the top because I just don’t wear kimonos.   So I bought the kimono top and wore the outfit to my sister’s house first for just a regular hang out, and then I wore it “publicly.” (It’s not really public rn but I wore it to see someone in my non-fam bubble LOL.) After wearing it around at my sister’s house I felt comfortable in it and it no longer felt like a weird thing to wear.   This doesn’t always work, sometimes I just won’t like something, but if I’m drawn to it and the only reason I’m not getting it is because of some internal rule I made up, it usually works.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Have you read the sidebar?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Share the outfits you would wear if the world was normal!	labels:I already have my christmas outfit planned out, I want to dress up so bad. I'm liking green, red, yellow and glitter recently, and I want to wear a flowery green top with a short brown pencil leather skirt, tights and black leather Vagabond Dioon shoes (or perhaps some studded black cowboy ankle boots with a sharp tip for some drama would be nice, just have to buy those first). I already have the outfit, but I'm on a weight loss journey (steady throughout the past two months, 5 lbs left to lose) and I need to lose 3 lbs for the skirt not to look awkward with my slight tummy bulge when I'm eating huge meals.  I do, however, wear a lot of interesting clothes just for when I'm out shopping or even having to go to the doctor. I'm doing a lot of experimentation with style now that no people of any importance to me whatsoever are gonna see me, and I can try out shoes with different heels and clothes with different fit, wear it throughout the day, and then know if it works for my lifestyle or not. I realized that a glitter top is see-through in some kinds of lighting, and that the cleavage on my wrap top is getting looser throughout the day, revealing more than I would like, etc. Also buying heel buffers for shoes I have never worn because they give me blisters, and wearing new leather shoes around the house to break them in, etc.	episode_done:True
text:How do we feel about see-through totes?	labels:I work in a pharmacy and am not allowed to bring anything in unless it's see through so these may actually work well for me in this circumstance!  That being said, I feel like in the real world it's asking to be mugged or get your purse stolen if people can see exactly what you have in it and where the wallet is.
text:Jil Sander, the Queen of Minimalism, Is Restarting Her Collaboration With Uniqlo - +J Redux	labels:i just told myself i'd buy less from uniqlo this year. so much for that i guess!!!	episode_done:True
text:Would love an AMA- I currently live in Australia and have only worn topshop Leigh and Jamie jeans since 2011 - they’ve gone bankrupt and I’m going to need to find a new Jean!!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Yes! Subscribe to blogs via email and also some "influencers" you like may have websites you can bookmark instead of checking their page! I also think youtube can be good to check periodically	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do you style/match your footwear with your outfit ? Do you use colour blocking method ?	labels:Love this question! After I’ve determined my outfit, sometimes I have shoes already in mind if I want a specific silhouette, but if not I think about a purse and shoe combo to fit based on if I need to carry things or if I’ll be walking a bit. Most of my shoes, purses, and belts are either cognac brown leather (my weakness) or black leather, and in the styles I wear most like oxfords I like to have a version in each color leather.  Now that I think about it, the only color among my footwear is a pair of red pumps. Even my more casual shoes like Supergas are tan or white. I’d love to add more color to my footwear but I opt for quality first, which is more expensive, which makes me more likely to choose a color thats versatile (like cognac brown, which is again, my absolute weakness).	episode_done:True
text:This is actually really true. Maybe I should reconsider some of the things I'm looking at. I thought they were good value but when I look at them this way I'm not so sure.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How would you store sentimental clothing?	labels:Maybe on the inside of your closet/bedroom door on a nice hanger	episode_done:True
text:What is your favourite item from a discount brand?	labels:I have a black pleather baseball cap from Rainbow that I've been wearing for years and still get compliments on. I also have a bunch of great bralettes and shapewear shorts from there that get constant wear and constant love.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 02, 2021	labels:I'm proud to say that I was successful completing my new year's resolution from 2020 of not purchasing any new clothing. I had made the exception of new socks and underwear, but I purchased a bunch at the end of 2019 and they managed to last me for the year.   I chose the goal initially to try and cut down on my waste. I'm a very impulsive person who makes very impulsive purchases and a lot of what I was buying was going practically untouched. I had also seen the patriot act episode regarding fast fashion and that was the final nail in the coffin. The beginning was the hardest—especially once the spring/summer sales started. I found that after a couple of days I'd forget about the sale and eventually I stopped even looking at clothes online and hunting for sales.  The effects from the resolution carried over to other aspects of my life. I found I was more conscientious of other products I was buying. I spent time researching environmental effects and labour practices of all sorts of different companies. I have been a lot more mindful of where my money is being spent. I cancelled my amazon prime subscription and have opted to shop locally as much as possible, but if not, spending my money at small independent online retailers.   At Christmas I did purchased my dad a new Reigning Champ sweater from NRML, an independent store in Ottawa. I made this exception  because it sets up my 2021 resolution—the only new clothes I can buy are slow made, or made in Canada/USA. I think this embodies the spirit of my 2020 resolution but doesn't restrict me from supporting smaller designers.
text:Clarks Released a "Desert Boot 2" - They Look Pretty Nice, What does Everybody Think?	labels:This might be heresy, but I actually prefer the Bushacres over the old and new CDB, having had multiple pairs of both. I originally bought the Bushacre just because they were cheaper, but ultimately came to like it better.   The crepe sole looks nice out of the box, but it just gets dirty and nasty looking IME. Although this one looks a bit darker maybe. I'll have to see it in person.
text:How to shop ThredUp and avoid the junk?	labels:I only buy brands I know I like and I know my sizing in. Occasionally I will come across something that looks amazing from a brand I don't know, I will look it up and buy it if its a high quality brand. I generally stick to natural fibers, as polyester and rayon can be very hit or miss without feeling it. I don't buy anything with any damage. Thread up also has "premium" section but I find its kinda random what gets in there. You can also search by price >$10 and it will weed out a lot of junk.	episode_done:True
text:Support Small Businesses This Holiday Season	labels:Like a lot of other people, part of my reaction is "I want to support small businesses but there's barriers, some of which aren't passable."  Besides some of what others have commented on: I have a lot of nice options for local boutiques but online shopping with them is a nightmare, if not outright impossible. If their inventory is online AT ALL, it might be incomplete or inaccurate.	episode_done:True
text:I agree so much! Korean fashion is so cute!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:2020 Fall Fit Battle - Superlative	labels:Biggest upset	episode_done:True
text:[Initial Impressions] Alden Ravello Indy Boots via The Shoe Mart	labels:are the shoes plugged into the power outlet?
text:Your Go-To Tee Is Actually a Turtleneck	labels:So this is just an old /u/theteenagegentleman article but worse, with a stupider take, only one photo, and bad brand recs.  I guess that's an improvement for GQ over the norm.
text:Nah, we get it. We just channeled that via listening to early 2000s emo and pop punk music instead. Jimmy Eat World, Weezer, Dashboard Confessional, My Chemical Romance, Panic! At the Disco, Fall Out Boy, All-American Rejects, The Strokes, New Found Glory, Motion City Soundtrack, Blink 182... all in heavy rotation.	labels:This is dangerously close to my "on repeat" Spotify playlist.	episode_done:True
text:Is anyone into MBTI? Do you feel like your fashion preferences align with your personality type?	labels:At one point on the INTP subreddit everyone was talking about how they wish they could wear a cape without it being seen as weird. I would interpret the INTP relationship to fashion as a little bit more nuanced than "drab and careless". I think the common theme is that INTPs don't generally care what others think - and so that can manifest on a spectrum from "wears whatever because does not care about their appearance at all" to "wears completely outlandish things because they care about their appearance but do not care at all what others think of it".      As an INTP myself I fall somewhere between the two. Like... I *want* fashion to be a higher priority for me, but when it comes down to it my attitude is more often just "whatever" because social pressure to look good  doesn't register to me nearly as much as it could.
text:Do you name your favorite outfits?	labels:Hahahah, I love this! my boyfriend started saying “you look like a ....” and I remember that every time I wear these two outfits:  1. Sicilian widow - black maxi skirt, lace turtleneck under a black camisole 2. 80s real estate agent in Arizona - teal suit, teal turtleneck, pink lipstick, big ish hair
text:How to Talk About Collared Shirts	labels:Nice blog post!	episode_done:True
text:After Labor Day, it just switches to “Winter White” and you’re just extra fashionable. That’s how I feel about it.	labels:SNOW QUEEN ☃️	episode_done:True
text:A Vontade Fall/Winter 2020	labels:So we are going with the heroin addict in mismatched , oversized clothes aesthetic this season.
text:What’s some of the best general advice you’d give to someone new to female fashion?	labels:- Above all wear what makes you happiest   - Many women feel the best when dressing to their body type (apple, triangle, etc)  - Many women also feel best when dressing in their colors (autumn, spring, etc)	episode_done:True
text:I absolutely loved Patou's too, so exquisite.   Omg yes, I'm totally getting the Madonna & Prince vibes and I would love it if everyone dressed like that again!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Mayhem at Uniqlo in Japan as customers fight to grab the Jil Sander collection	labels:I did not expect these type of situations to happen in a country such as Japan.
text:Shitpost Saturday: Signature Scent	labels:I like to smell of the outside.  A bit of fresh air.    In practice I smell like cool original doritos more often than I would like to admit (how does the fragrance stay so well? How many perfumes would kill for such powerful sillage?).  So varying between the two, depending on how well I am sticking to my recent resolution to spend more time out of doors.	episode_done:True
text:Fellow clothing trackers, what coveted items are you tracking now?	labels:i’m looking for a particular yohji yamamoto summer 1997 dress, charlotte rampling wore it to cannes 2005 and carolyn bessett had one but with a slightly different lapels	episode_done:True
text:How do I know if my sense of style is really mine or is it defined by others?	labels:Both go hand in hand, and usually the confidence that comes with those fashion choices will end up building up to a style you may finally feel your own; although I think everything is influenced by something else, so just enjoy dressing up to whatever you feel suits you and your mood!	episode_done:True
text:The Evolution of My Style As a a 21 Year Old Hijabi	labels:Love the pink rose skirt with the red shoes!!	episode_done:True
text:Just singing the praises of wool	labels:My mother in law just bought me my first cashmere ever.  If is a light blue cashmere sweater and I’ve never felt something so soft and light.  I feel very fortunate!	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 25, 2020	labels:I'm looking to get sweatpants for black Friday, I've been living off of 2 primark ones for a while now and want more pairs/something better. I was thinking either Land's End or Champions Reverse Weave, because they're both on sale for 20-30. Which is the better choice/are there others? For reference I'm 186 cm.	episode_done:True
text:Permanent Style - Tucked in T-Shirt	labels:I feel like the biggest dork on earth with a t shirt tucked in.
text:Have your clothing purchases dramatically dropped now that we can't go anywhere?	labels:Only certain places in the world have big lockdowns. Where I live people are free to go to restaurants, bars, movies, small parties etc. with social distancing measures in place and most everyone who worked in an office is back at the office at least part time, so I think it’s a bit of an oversimplification to say no one can go anywhere. Personally my clothing purchases have been par for the course because I’m basically going everywhere I went in the before times.	episode_done:True
text:There are 7 billion people in this world after all, and different people have different definition to what is “ugly” and what is “pretty”. It’s subjective but yes I do agree with you that they look weird at first but I have since taken a liking into them. Cheers!	labels:I'm just tired of every sneaker adhering to the same played out chunky, mismatched, Balenciaga-style mess. Time to move on.
text:How did you curate/purge your wardrobe specifically for moving? What pieces did you bring when moving to a drastically different climate? What other fashion moving tips do people have?	labels:Most of my moves have been apartment-to-apartment in the same climate (four distinct seasons with extremes in temperatures in both directions), but I still like to use the time spent packing as an opportunity to reevaluate/purge. Generally I look at fit, condition/quality, and whether or not pieces fit with my lifestyle (e.g. if you work in a formal office you might need more formal clothes and less casual ones, and the reverse is also true).  It's also a good excuse to get rid of clothes you keep out of guilt (e.g. things you don't wear often but were a gift or that you feel bad getting rid of) so you only move things you love and are excited by.   When thinking about climate, you might not need a ton of warm sweaters, but you may still want to keep things like cardigans or lightweight sweaters for air-conditioned buildings. I live somewhere with hot summers, but I still always keep an "office sweater" at my desk because people can be a little overzealous with the AC. Yes, it might be 97 degrees F outside, but when you step inside to a 68 F building, it can be a bit of a shock. Bonus points if you own a top layer that's thin enough to ball up and put in your purse. I love breezy kimono-style layers as a hot weather third piece, but jewelry/accessories also gain more importance when trying to feel put together.  In general, try to think of your clothes in categories, and if there are categories you don't think you'll wear as often, keep fewer pieces in those categories. Also think about what things you may want to keep but store (maybe in an under-the-bed box?) for rare occasions. For example, I hate shorts and almost never wear them, but I do have a couple pairs that I keep for camping trips so that I don't need to rebuy on those occasions. Will you need warm clothes for visits to family/friends in colder climates, and if so, what quanitity?	episode_done:True
text:How do you feel the Pandemic is affecting your style? (Or, “I am a butterfly in a chrysalis”)	labels:I read a comment somewhere about how the 1920s were the roarin' 20s because after the 1918 pandemic AND the years of thrifting and rationing due to the war, everyone wanted to dress to the absolute nines whenever they had the chance. I forsee a similar trend as I also have gotten way more playful and outgoing with my \[desired\] style. Makes sense to me
text:"freeing the titty" when you don't have "fashion boobs"?	labels:> Some days, I look in a mirror and I feel really sexy and carefree in the new look. Other days, I catch a glimpse of a saggy tit in a bralette peeking out of my dress and wonder if that's like...the least sexy thing in the world for a 28 year old woman?  I feel you here in many ways, except a bit of the opposite with my A cup boobs. Some days I can rock the no bra look and feel like a million bucks, and some days I look in the mirror and think "who is that little boy trying to wear grown up clothes?" I've been trying to ignore that voice and I'm having less of those days as time goes on.	episode_done:True
text:Bolero album because it's here whether you like it or not	labels:I thought these were shrugs? Is there a difference? I personally love what ever it is because my arms are always cold but it’s too warm for a full jacket.
text:Best White T-Shirts for Men 2021 - Wirecutter	labels:The Eastman t shirt rocks. I love the boat neck and the seamless body. Mine held up for two years before getting belt buckle holes. Expensive but worth it IMO	episode_done:True
text:Nordstrom's anniversary sale is notorious for this - most of the clothes and shoes they sell special for the sale are lower quality than they would be otherwise.	labels:That’s a bummer, seeing as I purchased quite a few things during this year’s sale. Is it just their in-house brands or does it extend to other name brands too?   I bought some Nike tights that were discounted more than I’ve ever seen anywhere (including Nike’s website) so I suspect it’s the latter. They don’t feel too different than the ones I already own in other colors, but perhaps longevity will tell a different story.
text:Kibbe System and Body Inclusivity	labels:I didn’t find it particularly inclusive. I took the test and got theatric romantic, but then I have some features listed in the “Will NOT” section??   I think it makes some assumptions as to what type of body type goes with what type of face that just didn’t hold true for my square-shaped face with large features and petite, muscular pear-shaped frame.
text:Top Down / Aerial / Crotch Shot WAYWT	labels:This is literally me every day at work before Covid.	episode_done:True
text:Creating your own clothes: Advice?	labels:Maybe just pick up a sewing machine (vintage!) and begin with altering your existing clothes or eBay deals to fit you perfectly, then as you get to understand how shirts, pants, jackets, etc are constructed you could try buying fabric and make your own... then go from there if you enjoy it and feel like continuing? If you were to hire out the manufacturing it would still be valuable to have some knowledge and experience as far as how it’s done and what makes quality vs cheap construction...	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 20	labels:Ribbed Tee is closing.    >This is a one-time email to let you know that we're starting the process to wind down the business, with a goal of ceasing operations no later than December 31, 2020...  Recommended alternatives?	episode_done:True
text:Speaking to the LGBTQ-owned label whose kilts were adopted by Proud Boys	labels:A lot of fascist apologists coming out of the woodwork with this post. It’s always interesting to see how many right wing lurkers there are on this fashion oriented subreddit that only poke their heads up when “muh librul propaganda” gets posted, completely and willingly choosing to ignore the long standing and complex intersections between clothing and politics that have existed ever since the concept of clothing as fashion was a thing.	episode_done:True
text:War and sport have long been the two biggest sources for male styles. With the normalization/democratization of blue collar work, it makes sense that labor would join those as another major source of style.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What age did you start pinning down your style? And how many times has it changed since then?	labels:I work in an office and am supposed to dress business casual.   My entire closet is work clothes and while some of it is cute it’s mostly boring and safe.   I feel like my personal style is edgy and fun. I’m working on curating a weekend wardrobe and not focusing on work outfits until I have just as much weekend  and after work clothes. I’m thinking fun  Art teacher and also colorful mom clothes but we will see I also like basics a lot like jeans and a black top .
text:The OG 90s Supermodels will tell their stories in a new documentary	labels:YES. This looks like it will be so juicy.	episode_done:True
text:No (New) Jawnz January: 2021 Edition	labels:Dieworkwear actually made a very good point on Styleforum about this. Really, now is not the time to stop supporting small businesses. Maybe if we reallocated any spending over to mom & pop stores, that would be more in keeping with the season?	episode_done:True
text:Got it, thanks. Its kinda tricky to get a real "no-show" sock to actually disappear in low shoes, but I hear your point.	labels:Don’t even care about actually having “no” show. I’m fine with “little” show but that might just be me	episode_done:True
text:wear the outfit at home all day and eventually it’ll feel normal enough to go out and get groceries in or something, and you can move up from there	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Exact same with me, I’m slowly phasing out my Victoria Secret items and all I buy lately is Aerie. They just have such a good mix between sexy and comfy/practical. I’ve been living in their bralettes, and I appreciate that they have standard colours in their collections so it’s really easy to mix and match and make sure you’re getting matching colours.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 07	labels:Jeeze this thread is posted at 4PM now what      Anyway, have managed to go all day wearing my sweatpants mid-rise with very limited slipping, which means my belly is getting flatter! Can't wait to be able to wear jeans and chinos mid rise.	episode_done:True
text:Chelsea boots under €200	labels:Russell & Bromley make great boots but maybe a bit out of budget.   Besides that Clarks are fantastic, I own many pairs of different Clarks boots and they all last long and look great.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 28, 2020	labels:Recently finished my MBA, still on the job hunt for capital markets finance roles.  Just wanted to post that networking is going exceedingly well, right as some openings are coming up. Really think that one of these leads is going to pan out in the next few weeks.  Don't really have anyone to share small victories without sounding like an asshole, so anonymous Reddit post it is.
text:Same on the cashmere in multiple colors! My great aunt didn’t have kids, so I got some of her clothes, including 3 cashmere sweaters from Jacobson’s (probably late 60s) in red, black, and grey. They’re a cropped boxy shape with a mock neck, and I love them.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:T h i s	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Couldn't sleep anyway, at least I had something to do :)  Edit: rephrased	labels:yay...?	episode_done:True
text:Are jean shorts on men really that bad?	labels:Yes, if you wear them the fashion police will hunt you down and put you in jail.      Nah, but they do seem a lot less acceptable in America than here in Europe. I definitely think cutoffs are the way to go though.
text:Inspo Album: Queer Anthropologist from the PNW	labels:Interesting concept, lots of good fits.   I like that academia look, I’d love to see more inspo albums analyzing different aesthetics :)	episode_done:True
text:How do you feel about vegan/faux leather?	labels:I hate it. It isn't durable and wears out quickly, and is usually made from petroleum products which makes it just as bad for the environment (if not more so) than real leather.
text:the shoes for suuuure. A little derivative of fluevogs swordfish, but still a fan.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The finances of curating a high-end wardrobe through luxury resale: how much do you spend on clothing taking into account resale revenue?	labels:Clothes are never ever an investment. With the extremely few exceptions like Birkins and limited edition Chanel bags or stuff like that, it's not a thing.   Clothes will not retain their value and it's naive to think that you can buy something and expect to recoup more than half your money after *5 years* of wearing it. Especially since it's probably already a few years old when you buy it.  Pret a porter does not do as well as bags on the resale market. No one gives a shit that your old cardigan is designer because in another 5 years it will not only be worn out, it will be really outdated. If someone is paying hundreds for one single item, they're not buying worn from a collection 10 years ago AND still be willing to pay half the original price.
text:Haven’t been seeing any wild colors in Brooklyn but people did seem a bit more dressed up when the weather was less rainy. I welcome the Steezin 20’s.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Too loose? Huh... these are all too narrow for me.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 14, 2021	labels:The mental gymnastics people go through to explain how their $5000 PC set up is actually objectively valuable and any clothing over $50 isn’t would be funny if it wasn’t so predictable
text:Women who have revamped your entire wardrobe — how did that go? What is your advice for the rest of us?	labels:My advice to my past self would be:  GO SLOW. However slowly you think you’re going, it’s still too fast. Find one piece that you really love- beautiful color, perfect fit, quality material, in a style you like- before even thinking about more.  Trying to plan an entire wardrobe (even a tiny one) and then trying to shop for the plan, just landed me with a bunch of stuff that wasn’t quite right. Going slowly, piece by piece, helps to make sure I’m making a good purchase rather than something rushed, trying to fill a perceived wardrobe hole. It’s also helpful, because if you go slowly one piece by one piece, you’ll also be doing “with as few pieces as possible”, and can stop when you have what you need and love.  My second point of advice to myself would be to stay off the internet, focus on what I actually like for myself, and not get distracted by all the pretty things on all the different people.	episode_done:True
text:2020 Fall Fit Battle Conclusion and Discussion	labels:No "best drapey black shit", smh.
text:What's your favorite kind of novelty clothing?	labels:do bolo ties count? my mom gave me a vintage one she wore in the 80s and its really minimalist and nice! its just a cool way to spice up a button down shirt
text:High Rises, Immaculate Pleating and Loose Silhouettes: Work Pants & Trousers in LA Cholo style	labels:That’s what I used to dress like in middle school pretty much up until about age 25, a while after this went out of style. I was the last one to give it up in my circle	episode_done:True
text:[Inspiration] Jewelry	labels:I wish there are more inspo for gold and rose gold jewelry ,too. As someone who recently into jewelry and did a lot of research, silver tone doesn't work with everyone. Depend on your skin tone, you can look very wash out and sick-ish with silvertone, especially with shiny silver. I have lighter skintone and silver just doesn't look good on me. Rose gold however stand out.	episode_done:True
text:What niche do you feel is missing from the fashion blogging/YouTube world?	labels:Middle-aged professional people who want to look put-together and stylish but not necessarily FASHION, especially budget-wise. I agree about mid-sized women, too. The 10-16 range that’s not skinny and not fat. Whatever “average” size is supposed to be these days.
text:Gorp/Hikingcore	labels:Hikingcore? These subgenres of metalcore are getting way too out of hand	episode_done:True
text:Naked and Famous Raw Denim Review/Fit/Experience	labels:I’m a personal stylist who focuses JUST on women’s jeans and in all my years of experience I’ve only put raw denim on 2 of my clients for this exact reason. It’s too difficult to really nail the fit.... and if you do, there’s a good chance it’ll change as the jeans settle out or if your body changes. Plus, cutting around curves is super tough.   Raw denim is awesome in theory. It ages with you and confirms to your body. And the look of it over time is so cool. But I’ve almost never seen it work with women, especially in skinnier cuts. There’s just no give.   I would otherwise recommend vintage Levi’s or 100% cotton premium denim in a heartier weight for a more structured jean. The difference it that it’s been rinsed/washed so the fit is more predictable and longer lasting than raw denim.
text:Spend $250 on a good replica bag or Tory Burch?	labels:I have a few designer bags, but I bought them heavily discounted. I went through a PHASE and bought a bunch of bags, and now I'm done. I also regret spending thousands on waxed canvas??  I have a friend who fucks with reps and she's always concerned that someone will call her out for owning fakes. I wouldn't be able to deal with that constant stress, even if the bag were a really good knock off and I got a great deal (compared to retail) on it. I also think that the whole "they aren't QCing the bag, they're QCing you" is really fucking rude.  If I buy more bags, I wouldn't buy designer and stick to okay quality and mid-tier prices. There's nothing wrong with indulging if it's going to bring you joy, but I think that a lot of people drop $$$$ on a bag and then never  fully enjoy it because they're afraid of scuffing the leather.
text:May I add bestdressed to this YouTube list? She’s got a great preppy/modern style and is really entertaining if you don’t mind some political commentary every now and then!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are your go-to basic fall tops? I’m talking long sleeve tees, sweatshirts, turtlenecks etc!	labels:I love Kotn long sleeve tops ($33) and turtlenecks ($34). They're both super comfortable and soft. Great amount of colors.  I also really like the organic cotton long sleeve from Organic Basics ($45). SUPER soft. Like crazy soft. (If you do order one of their long sleeve tops, size up...My first order I got my usual size and wow that was a mistake! Lol) they don't have a great amount of colors unfortunately...  NAADAM is also a great place to get cashmere. They're ethical/sustainable and pretty reasonably priced for cashmere items. I have about 5 of their $75 cashmere sweaters and one that is $125. Totally cute, warm, and comfortable! Lots of colors to choose from as well!  I also have quite a few long sleeve tops from Target...I am trying not to buy A New Day long sleeve fitted tops ($10)..but they're pretty decent for the price. Fun colors also.	episode_done:True
text:Knit Tie Inspo / Lookbook	labels:I picked up a black knit tie and a navy knit tie at the same time. While for normal woven ties, I'd usually reach for a navy over a black, with the texture of a silk knit, somehow the black knit tie just looks better than the navy knit in so many outfits.   This might be a function of bias because I've read articles extolling the virtues of the black knit tie, but I think the texture of the knit helps to offset the starkness of the colour
text:2020 Wardrobe Data Analysis	labels:This is such a good idea! I have been thinking about doing this but never got around to it because I never made outfit pictures. Now that I participate in waywt more often it should be easier for me to track my wears. Thank you for this great and detailed post!	episode_done:True
text:Omg...you described my entire high school closet. You’re good.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I agree!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Welp, this pushed my interest in having kids back by at least 10 years. Thanks OP!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:BoF: J. Crew's New CEO has a Survival Plan: Edit out the Ugly	labels:i just feel like their price points are so high and the quality can be kind of mediocre. they’re stuck in a weird place where their pricing is too expensive for the average consumer who’s trained to expect bargains and too cheap for someone who buys luxury or higher end pieces.   even with their random extra 50% off sales, it’s still above what people expect to pay. but then again, madewell is thriving. (though i think that has more to do with being able to capture an on-trend aesthetic.)
text:Street style	labels:As opposed to when I’m at the office, I tend to wear a lot more like loose, slouchy, oversized tops/sweaters, shorter skirts (pleated/schoolgirl-ish ones especially), more printed t-shirts, more stretchy cotton dresses, and more large belts with chain or stud details. Stuff that feel a little too revealing or edgy or casual for work but that I still like.  Typical free time outfits for me would be a stretchy, short tight, or flared cotton dress dress, thick tights and a big cardigan, or a short pleated skirt with a camisole and an oversized, off-shoulder sweater, or a long is-it-a-shirt-or-is-it-a-dress and patterned leggings.	episode_done:True
text:Measure a pair of levis you have and compare, that being said ysl fits super skinny and I'm not sure they will work for you	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Men’s clothing	labels:Little boys sections! And small / xs men’s sizes work for me and I’m 5’4!	episode_done:True
text:RRL is introducing Vintage & Antique products	labels:Rrl, Just put your denim shirts on sale FOR ONCE.
text:Good Cheap Stuff Appreciation	labels:**Pants**
text:General Discussion - November 04	labels:In an effort to save money (working from home means less pay for me) I've been pulling old pieces out of my closet and playing around with them. Things I bought from Grailed but never wore, things that don't fit my aesthetic anymore, you get the idea.        It's kinda fun. I never thought I'd be breaking out my *Clark's* *Desert* *Boots* in year of our lord 2020, but apparently that's where I'm at right now.	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Mellow Yellow	labels:I literally said "daaaa-amn" out loud! Love it.	episode_done:True
text:I hadn’t considered climatization! that’s a really helpful tip.	labels:Yay! Glad to be of help	episode_done:True
text:I hear you. I specifically only shop during sales or for vintagey brands. Their contemporary brand pricing is terrible.	labels:Agreed, but if you're just shopping by materials you can find great stuff. I have a few vintage 100% cashmere sweaters that I've gotten there for under $15, a 100% wool long coat for $20, silk blouses I've found as cheap as $4.99. It's not the best if you're looking for a specifc piece, but I always sort by my sizes and then matierals and have found some cool funky stuff.
text:Winx style, a nostalgia trip	labels:You got Musa and Stella so spot-on, it hurts to know this isn't what we're getting 😭	episode_done:True
text:I think that's a really good way of looking at body shapes and clothes for them -- not good or bad, but accentuate vs balance to an hourglass.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do comfort vs. style compare in what bottoms you wear?	labels:I mostly wear jeans/pants and I find them to be very comfortable personally. I'm honestly always a little surprised that they're so uncomfortable for most people. Most of my discomfort in skirts/dresses is mental (I just don't feel like me when I wear them).   I think if you enjoy wearing skirts you should keep wearing them, nothing wrong with that. If it's a seasonal thing maybe fleece stockings or something like that will allow you to wear them in the cooler months.
text:Review: Church's McPherson Brogue Derbies with Commando Soles	labels:Those put me in mind of something I'd read: A man's shoes should be capable of running or putting out a fire. EDIT: downvoted by effete sandal wearers and makeup wearers.
text:Can Your Outfit Influence the Way You Feel? Enclothed cognition describes the effect that clothing have on how an individual thinks, feels, and behaves	labels:Yes, I definitely feel different when wearing a suit compared to sweatpants. When I wear a suit, people take me more serious and thus I feel more important. A great haircut with a nicely tailored suit makes me feel good!!!! Though wearing sweatpants at home or to the gym is hella comfy	episode_done:True
text:Clarks Released a "Desert Boot 2" - They Look Pretty Nice, What does Everybody Think?	labels:When the Killshot 3s dropping?	episode_done:True
text:What will be obsolete by summer 2021?	labels:I'm hoping those "Is it Wine o'clock?" shirts (or anything involving  women drinking wine to deal with life) you find at any mall store/Target directed towards adults.   Perhaps it's because I can no longer pass as a youth and will no doubt get thrown into the demographic these companies sell to, but it's always painful when you start to see a trend in clothes and you hate it, and it lasts YEARS.
text:Is the model as intended too long for your taste or do you feel like it would be too long for your frame/height?   I’m not sure you really would want to make a major alteration in the first case like alter one that falls below the knees to have it fall above them or whatever. It’ll look off is my feeling.	labels:Both tbh.  I only plan on cutting an inch or two at the most. But only if it feels like it when wearing. It is hard to measure that sorta thing.	episode_done:True
text:Your 2021 trend predictions?	labels:Here in the states prior to march 2020, i was seeing a lot of texture. Recognizable styles with a twist on the texture (motorcycle jackets, but instead of leather, tweed; baseball jackets with dyed sherpa fleece sleeves and quilted satin torso).  For 2021? Maybe a continuation of that trend, plus your idea of matching sets. beyond jewelry, i think it will stretch to all accessories. matching masks and scrunchies, matching jewelry, matching hats and scarves as we roll through winter.	episode_done:True
text:Lower quality items during Nordstrom Anniversary Sale?	labels:Anecdotal, but here goes. I bought a pair of rag&bone jeans during Anniversary a couple years ago. They were thin and stretchy but I knew this going in so no problem. I liked them. I liked them well enough, in fact, to buy a second pair as a backup, which I've been known to do. The second pair, SAME cut AND wash was full-price after Anniversary. Thicker, not as stretchy, stitching was slightly different, felt "nicer" I guess, even though I had no complaints with the first pair. They were definitely different though, and purchased maybe a month apart.      Second, and this was this current year. Bought a couple Zella workout tees. Now, I've had numerous Zella pieces over the years and have never had an issue with washing and drying with regards to shrinking. This one shrunk on the first wash before I even had a chance to wear it, following the instructions to a T. The exact material blend was the same as my others. I will be returning this one when I get a chance.   I have no hard evidence either way, but I am suspicious. Also, as a longtime cardholder, every year Anniversary is more and more of a shitshow. There seems to be a huge amount of influencers (the blogger people, not the level of Nordstrom's rewards program) getting items that are never truly available to the public, even in the upper tiers of early access. It's all very frustrating and ultimately, not worth it for a retail sale. I'm not going to go full Karen and threaten to cancel my card or not shop there. I'm simply going to ignore Anniversary entirely from now on.	episode_done:True
text:The Sea Shanty Is Ascendant. Here's How to Dress Like the Flyest Sailor on the Ship.	labels:Big fan of this look. That said have a real sailor story to tell about what (recreational) sailors actually wear. Friend in university was really into fashion - was actually an intern at Vogue. Found a photo book on the Kennedy’s and thought Jackie looked pretty chic on the boat so she talked our friend group into renting a boat for the afternoon. Three of us knew how to sail - she did not. The thing to remember about sailing is it’s dirty (especially rental boats) and boats kill clothes (chafe, catching on sharp bits. We all show up in grubby clothes. She shows up dressed to the nines. We make her go back and change - really unhappy about it. She came back slightly less dressed up. Ok. Spent the rest of the afternoon dodging grunge trying to look elegant on the deck of one of the most beat up Sonars (22 foot day sailor) I’ve ever seen. That said a good time was had by all.  TL;DR story about a friend learning that unless make serious bank sailing of any kind is not nearly as elegant as pop culture would have you think.	episode_done:True
text:Lugged boot trend	labels:Discovered I can't walk for very long in the very big heavy boot styles (or flatforms) because it hurts my bad knee, but I like the look. I bought a pair of boots and a pair of chunky sandals with a slimmer  lug sole. No link b/c I got them in the charity shop  and they aren't a real brand. The sandals look similar to DM sandals.	episode_done:True
text:Do you guys default to a set of a few pieces even though you own a ton?	labels:I loved reading everyone’s thoughts and experiences.   I do the exact same thing as you and it all boils down to 1. I’m too lazy to think of another outfit. 2. I don’t wanna ruin things I think are special. 3. I like how some things fit/match better than others.    What I’ve tried to do to try and get out of these habits are. 1. Try and post a “fit pic” once a week on Instagram where I’m wearing something different, might be the same vibe but it’s different. 2. Think of clothes as toys from toy story and I want them to be happy they’re being used. 3. If I like how one out fit looks, I’ll try to recreate that outfit with the other clothes I have. Ex. A white shirt and blue pants could mean a button up, long sleeve, short sleeve, or hoodie then different washes of jeans, slacks, different pant cuts.	episode_done:True
text:Maybe talk to a local needlework shop? They often help with putting needlework on pillows and things. Maybe they can help with clothes too?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What rules do you break for your body type?	labels:I'm short, and one of the fashion guidelines I tend to read say to create long lines - this means avoiding ankle straps on shoes. I LOVE ankle straps on everything - heels, flats, sandals, etc. I definitely ignore this rule! Another rule I saw was to avoid the midi length since it can sometimes be too long but not long enough to be maxi. I wear my midi length skirts high-waisted so they fall at the right point and I love them. IDC if they make me look short, they're gorgeous!
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 22	labels:got a late invite to a wedding, all assumed less guests would be allowed because of covid.  the weddings Sunday, I'm really broke atm I have no suit available.   any suggestions of a very budget friendly outfit I can go for ? like seriously budget £50
text:General Discussion - November 04	labels:US Dollar exchange rate is fucking wild today!!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 25, 2020	labels:Can you be addicted to pants?   &#x200B;  I'm just way more into pants than I am into tops.
text:The city issues you a black CG Expedition parka when you move here. Contact DiBlasio's office if you never got yours	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What to do when nothing fits you properly?	labels:The question I will pose is: Are you dressing with your shape or are you dressing against it?  The reason I ask is because when I was younger, I soooo badly wanted to dress in a style that was more suited to completely different body shape. I bought clothes that didn’t fit right trying to make myself look like a different shape and obviously it didn’t work. It also made me feel like a failure and that my features were undesirable. When I stopped fighting my shape, I found more clothes that fit better and made me feel more confident.     But they only fit better, so I have my clothes altered to fit correctly or alter them myself. I mostly buy secondhand and go for things that are high quality, so that alterations are a possibility and worthwhile. It’s much easier to make something smaller than to let it out.	episode_done:True
text:OPI nail varnish 70% off until 5pm 16/11/2020 (UK)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I've been lusting over the ganna shacket for like, ever. I'd love to find it secondhand since the price is just a tad out of my budget for something I probably wouldn't wear every single day.	labels:I’ve seen some on Poshmark before! I know, it’s so cute, they made a long version this year which I loved too and it seems to be not on the website right now so I wonder if it sold out immediately	episode_done:True
text:Don't dull your shine for anyone. You have this life to live, so wear what you love.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Excited for you to come over-middle-manage me at my retail job!   Really though, congrats man :) good luck!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 16, 2020	labels:What designer belts are hot right now? I already have a Louis vuttion belt. I have been hearing about bb sims belt, Burberry belts, Gucci, Versace and mcm
text:2020 Fall Fit Battle - Superlative	labels:Widest pants	episode_done:True
text:Are jean shorts on men really that bad?	labels:I don't think they look bad, I just find the concept weird.  It's summer, it's hot so you're wearing shorts, but the shorts are made from denim which is a hot and sweaty material. It's an oxymoron to me, like have you got your legs out to stay cool or have you got the denim on to stay warm? What's going on here?
text:Glad to hear about your grandparents pulling through!!  Excited to see you post the new clothes in WAYWT :’)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Colour/Style Matching - How do I figure out the potential of my wardrobe?	labels:1) The most foolproof way is to try on every combination of clothing possible. Especially the things that you’re like - there’s no way that will work. Because that’s how you discover new combinations. Or you’re like... well, that didn’t work but if the top were like slightly longer, it’d actually be amazing - and that’s a great way to build a shopping list of stuff that would work with what you already have.   2) Trying on clothes is actually a lot of work. If you’re lazy and would rather lie around instead (cough what do you mean, I’m not talking about myself at all), if you put all your clothes in a closet app (I use Stylebook) you can look at what’s in your closet on your phone and make up different combinations to try out later. This isn’t foolproof, you will need to still try them on irl to see if they actually work (although the more practice you get the better you’ll get at creating successful outfits). Actually getting all your clothes in a closet app is a whole lot of work to start tbh, but if you want to go that route I find it’s best to use as many stock photos as possible and don’t bother with background removal.   3) If you really want to be a geek and see everything in your closet laid out, do a visual wardrobe. People posted them occasionally a couple years ago so search the sub if you want to see examples - but you basically take a picture of yourself wearing every piece of clothing you own. This takes a long time but you have the advantage of being able to see what your clothes look like on you and I feel like that makes it easier to pick out good outfit combos, because at least to me, silhouette is so important. Also it’s kind of fun to see what types of clothes you gravitate towards and you can sometimes discover things like “I really need a bright yellow jacket, that would tie together so many of these outfits” or “I actually hate green so why do I own 24 green t-shirts???” that’s kind of hard to parse when all your clothes are tucked away in drawers and stuff.
text:I’m fucking heartbroken   Edit: Apprently his family confirmed it happened in October... wtf?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Just curious but why didn't you get a washing machine for the apartment?	labels:Some condos either don't have space or they don't have the right connections. I do wonder if some rental apartments mandate coin laundry.
text:Vintage Patagonia Fleeces: Fluff That’s Worth a Fortune	labels:Synchillas are sick as hell but the upcharge for them on the secondhand market is ridic
text:Quilted Pants	labels:I want vertical quilted pants like the craig ones	episode_done:True
text:what are your fashion flaws?	labels:I simultaneously buy things I like regardless of having the occasion to wear them and also have a tendency to "save the good stuff" for these nonexistent occasions, which has resulted in a practical overabundance of clothes that are just a little too dressy for my lifestyle, and that this year I have literally had no reason whatsoever to touch...  I also don't know if it's just me but I'm constantly hooking parts of my clothing (belt loops esp) on cabinet handles?
text:Yeah Hamcus is the epitome of that concept lmao, fwiw they’re def less weird the like 2 times I’ve seen them styled by people.  WVB is another big one for me, that dude’s a genius and I have nothing for respect for him but it’s not something I feel like I could see myself wearing, same for most techwear just cause I’m not ready to drop $10k on a single outfit  Idk being able to appreciate something that you wouldn’t personally partake in is still really admirable, a lot of people shit on anything even slightly usual just because they don’t see themselves wearing it(see: every inspo album’s comment section)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Can I see your casual natural-fabric outfits?	labels:I have been only buying natural materials this year as well. I'm not sure if denim gives you a sensory issue but I have found that a lot of men's and boys jeans are still all cotton. Depending your sizing and preferred fit, you could look for those. Otherwise I like linen pants a lot (pantsfessional on IG has some great looks). My other suggestion is to look in thrift stores, a lot of women's clothing used to be all natural materials so I have had more luck there with donated items.
text:Big congrats!!!!!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Hand wash only clothes	labels:I'm a knitter so I'm used to handwashing knit accessories. I have plastic containers and use Eucalan to soak, towels to gently roll and press the water out. For sweaters, I second everything else who just puts things in the gentle cycle and dries flat.	episode_done:True
text:Streetwear From Above — Die, Workwear!	labels:Streetwear grails are for suckers.	episode_done:True
text:Do you have any pieces that "should not" work with your body that just seems to work?	labels:I’m 5 feet tall, and literally everyone tells me not to wear jumpsuits and they won’t look good on me, but nothing makes me feel more confident than rocking one of my ~many~ jumpsuits
text:100% fam, im all in for skinny jeans till I do but i'll definitely appreciate some wide pants  fashion isnt 0 and 1s	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What is your "White Whale" fashion product that apparently doesn't exist?	labels:Decent homewear. Especially robes that aren't bathrobes nor these dainty fragile satin/chiffon thingies. Something cozy enough to set up shop on your couch in, that won't break on the first scoot, actually keep your arms warm.   In loungewear there's apparently four types with no middle ground: For mothers-formerly-known-as-women,  for girls, for seduction purposes only, and Jeff Lebowski.
text:Oof yeah, I'm convinced 95% of people on this sub's only interaction with Supreme as a brand is resell market for box logos only	labels:I have interacted with lurkers here who claimed to be genuinely unaware that Supreme sells things that are not box logo hoodies.
text:Remote Business Casual	labels:Honestly, Covid has made me realize I do dress for myself. I still wear pretty much what I would wear to work, albeit minus a blazer, and jeans a little more often. I just want to enjoy my life to the fullest and use all my nice things. I think watching killing eve, I realized how closely I identify with Villanelle’s attitude towards possessions. And they are here to be used.   The only big difference is now I work in fuzzy slippers. Something’s gotta give.
text:Black is Beautiful, Braids are Beautiful, Bald is Beautiful: Ayanna Pressley as an icon of feminine professionalism	labels:Absolutely love this album! Her style is proof that one can look professional while still showing off their personality.	episode_done:True
text:Yes, protests do work! Us in Poland had our fair share of protests in the past few weeks, after our authoritarian government imposed virtually a full abortion ban. We didn't succeed yet, but I'm sure they will back off. Best of luck to your nation!	labels:It’s been great to see the people rise up and say fuck you to fascism all over the last few weeks.	episode_done:True
text:Sweatshirt: I'm shocked by my purchasing decision from yesterday and needed to share	labels:Yeah abercrombie is actually really solid! I avoided them for years, remembering the preppy kids from high school with huge logos all over and reaking of abercrombie cologne. But I'm sitting on my couch right now in a pair of their joggers that are one of my best fitting and quality pairs of casual sweat pants. The company has made a big pivot since I was in highschool 15 years ago.	episode_done:True
text:42 Fits: A Not-quite Capsule Wardrobe	labels:I've really enjoyed the dark colored pants + derby look as of late and your album was very enjoyable to look through.	episode_done:True
text:How do you dress in a casual work environment if you really enjoy fashion/dressing up?	labels:start off your job dressing in line with the majority of the company, especially when you go back in person. during that time, strengthen your in-person connections with your coworkers and make yourself as indispensable at your job as you can. you'll also get to observe how people *actually* dress in the office as opposed to having mostly people's zoom outfits and the HR dress code to go off of.   once you have that strong foundation from both a performance standpoint and a team dynamics standpoint, then over time start integrating your typical style into your work style. pay attention to people's reactions to it, both direct and indirect, and scale back or plunge ahead accordingly.   this worked well for me and my style is pretty off the wall. it took about a year for me to feel secure enough in my role and on my team to wear renditions of "my style" to work all the time, and then an additional year to make the more 'permanent' choice to color my hair (i chose to also check with HR before i did this!). i also personally find that the overall aesthetic is what's most important to me, so the "just wear bizcaz but with fun earrings and socks" sort of advice that many people exchange on ffa is not relevant	episode_done:True
text:And Jacques Marie Mage. SF LOVES JMM.   I wish someone could organize a cross forum fit battle. It’d be like those awesome DC vs Marvel comics from the 90s.	labels:That’d be cool, i don’t know how to go about doing it but it’s be cool	episode_done:True
text:Eh I thought it was funny.	labels:Paul Harnden: DPS  Americana/Workwear: tank  /r/navyblazer: Buffer  Tricky Rick: Debuffer  EG: Healer
text:Bernie Sanders' Mittens Won the Inauguration Fit Battle - And you, too, can own your own toasty upcycled woolen mitts.	labels:Mittens are the best. Bought a wool hand made pair from German Christmas market one year and the top comes off so your partially covered fingers can grasp things if needed.	episode_done:True
text:Thank all of you	labels:So a number of people are telling you not to buy a bunch of AE shoes because they are “entry-level” and that you may eventually want to move up in price. This is true, but consider that anyone saying this has become a hobbyist who appreciates and collects high-end footwear, and therefore retroactively views AE as a gateway drug that led them to discover a new hobby. This implies a linear progression from spending $350 on shoes — an amount 98% of men would find insane — to eventually spending $1000+ on shoes, which is completely bonkers to all but a very small number of people.  Definitely wait a bit and avoid buying a dozen pairs of AEs too quickly. But also consider that if AE makes you happy and your goal is to amass a rotation of multiple good-quality shoes in different styles and colors, it’a perfectly acceptable to avoid leveling up. You don’t *have* to keep buying progressively more expensive stuff, and can instead enjoy what’s in a price tier you’re comfortable with.
text:Shitpost Saturday: Party Outfit	labels:A dream and a cardigan	episode_done:True
text:How has your style changed as you’ve gotten older?	labels:While my style has evolved over the years, the number one concrete example I can think of is... pushup bras. During college I basically exclusively wore heavily padded push-up bras that I thought helped me look proportional. Now I’m much more comfortable with my body and don’t feel the need to squish my boobs into oblivion anymore.	episode_done:True
text:Came here to say Vince as well! I have a lot of Vince silk and cashmere that I was able to nab at ridiculous prices.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Ohhh, have a pic of the new necklace? Turquoise is my jam.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:You have to walk like a penguin - push your centre of gravity forward a little.  I'm not even kidding, look up videos of penguins walking and emulate it lol it works	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Do you think that designer brands will no longer be as sought after in the future?	labels:East Asia is a huge market that keeps growing. I think Southeast Asia will keep growing as well, as manufacturing moves to those countries and millions of people enter the middle class. In any case, you only have to look at the earnings of LVMH and other luxury conglomerate groups.	episode_done:True
text:Buy Sell Thread - November 23, 2020	labels:This is a friendly reminder to only post links from Grailed, Ebay, Depop, and similar reputable platforms.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/malefashionadvice) if you have any questions or concerns.*	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 17, 2020	labels:Mid-rise is not high-rise     If you call it that then stop
text:People who've been working from home for most of 2020 - do you think your work style will change when you go back to the office (compared to your work wardrobe pre-lockdown)? If so, how?	labels:I think my wardrobe will be more paired down when I go back. At home I’m realizing how much I just prefer to wear the same items over and over. I’m sick of seeing all these clothes in my closet.  I’ll dress more comfortable too. I can’t picture myself in dresses and tights anymore for my kind of job.   However, for non work events I’ll start dressing up even more than I had been. I miss that.	episode_done:True
text:your mom is amazing	labels:She is!	episode_done:True
text:Somewhat tempted to throw the weirdest stuff in my Pinterest into an album, call it Anime inspired and see what happens.	labels:You're giving me ideas.	episode_done:True
text:[Serious answers only] FAQ: Why does runway fashion looks like nothing you'd ordinarily wear on the daily?	labels:The best response I’ve ever heard for this question was comparing runway high fashion to the concept cars you’ll see at auto shows. Those cars will often never make it into production but that’s not the point. The point is to show off new materials, technologies, design philosophies or to generally stir up interest in a brand. Same for fashion.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 27, 2020	labels:So, I finally got an Ashby in olive for my Christmas and I absolutely adore it.  I live in a city and do a lot of walking. I usually go away a lot as well (not happening any time soon, though!) and am wondering what boots/shoes you would recommend to go with it?  I'm thinking brown brogues for more formal occasions but looking for a pair of durable boots that will allow me to stay on my feet all day but won't lose me fashion points because they look like something I should be wearing on the hills.  Thanks for any help!
text:Share what are your quick tips to always look polished !	labels:See, my general decision is to avoid fabrics with these issues, at least in my everyday wardrobe. Am I fine ironing and lint-rolling an outfit for a night out (not that I have those anymore)? Yes. But am I going to do this for each outfit I wear in a week? No.
text:Thats really awesome! I hope you have a good embroidery journey this month - that is definitely on my desire list this year as well. I have a jean jacket that I would love to embroider with the national parks I visit. I have a design in my mind and everything but it’s intimidating.  I also get the struggle of wanting to splurge on cute things or find time for sewing. I’ve tried to mend or embroider while watching tv but my lighting is terrible (that or my eyes are aging). I guess I need to get one of those bright task lights/reading lamps.   What was the most complicated or difficult mend you had to accomplish?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:FAQ: When shopping on a budget, what items have the highest point at which they reach diminishing returns?	labels:Great responses already. I'll rant a little bit about footwear since that's my specialty so to speak.   I think people still spend far too much on footwear generally. GYW and stitched construction is nice and all, but it's not a cheap option by any means. You get quite high quality leathers from plenty of makers in the <$350 range and there are good options in the $200 range as well depending on the type of shoes/boots you're looking for.   I'm working on a post that talks a bit more about the individual economics of owning even a single pair of "high quality" footwear. Cost of ownership is vastly under estimated by newcomers and expectations overall tend to be set too high.   I still agree that footwear has pretty high diminishing returns, but I also think that a *lot* of people talk themselves into buying stitched construction shoes that are far far too expensive for what they really want.
text:Interesting thought that I haven't seen articulated like this elsewhere. Describing it as a "tantrum" seems off.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Ugh. Those tight long shirts with low rise jeans gave me a ton of body image issues. I wasn’t overweight by any means but that style just made me so self conscious about my love handles and stomach.   I’m so glad fashion (and role models) today are much more varied.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Also, post pics once you do.	labels:I will certainly do so!	episode_done:True
text:Fall 2020 Fit Battle - Round 2 Results and Discussion	labels:Grats, homies. Its almost a relief that I dont need to stress over this anymore.
text:Yea idk what kills more brain cells: doing meth and acid at the same time or reading lurkers comments	labels:	episode_done:True
text:This is a super fascinating perspective! I had not thought of it before. I agree though, neon green can only be worn in so many ways!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do you handle budget increases when it comes to clothes? (ex. going from student to working professional)	labels:For the last few years I started tracking all of my spending. I then make an educated guess for what my budget should be for the upcoming year, based on past averages and predictions about what type of life events might be coming up that year.   Each paycheck, I set some money aside to my Girly Savings. This way, when I do a bunch of shopping or find an expensive item, it's not just coming out of my general spending money.   Currently I'm setting aside $400/month to my Girly Savings which includes clothes, makeup, skincare, hair and accessories. I buy most of my clothes in large batches in the spring and fall so it helps me to have an accumulated stash of cash.	episode_done:True
text:I love this idea. I think this whole sub could use a dose of communal silliness.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Who are your favorite fashion influencers on Youtube?	labels:I’m not sure if this counts but Micarah Tewers is HILARIOUS and I always love her videos. She’s v wholesome too	episode_done:True
text:What designer bags and eras do you think will come back in fashion 2021-2022?	labels:I think bright colours will become trend, less mix of patterns,   celine luggage is classic 😀 just dont resell it, as the second hand price is quite low 😅 but I love my celine luggage
text:Discussion: Clay Jewelry?	labels:I love clay earrings. You can find something for anyone if you look for the quality artists. Big kitschy earrings, tiny dainty ones, etc. There are some true artisans out there. We’re seeing a huge surge of small shops of various crafts (bows makers, tumbler makers, sewists, clay) because of the pandemic and people needing to find hobbies. Which I love. Everyone should have an outlet. But not everyone needs to sell their pieces. You can enjoy things without monetizing them. Every hobby doesn’t need to be a hustle.	episode_done:True
text:Can’t forget about knit vests!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 14, 2020	labels:After waiting 2 months for furniture, delivery came today and two of the most expensive pieces are damaged, so now I have to wait for replacements and who knows how long that is going to take.
text:Transition Lenses/Glasses	labels:Perhaps transition lenses have improved and it's a case of only noticing the bad ones, but I definitely see them tinted indoors occasionally and they look dopey. Like wearing sunglasses indoors in general.  I'd be uncomfortable buying them as a primary pair of glasses without trying out the transition for the day and seeing them actually transition quickly in my normal haunts.
text:American fashion designers take center stage at the US presidential inauguration	labels:Apparently people are going nuts over Bernie's ordinary parkas and made-in-vermont mittens. But it's less people who wanted a suit and more people who like his mittens (and maybe Bernie Bros).
text:Happy 11/11 - the day that most resembles corduroy	labels:I'm wearing corduroy today. What are the odds!
text:Is it just me, or does it seem like the clothes being sold since the pandemic began have become very limited?	labels:People are dying Kim
text:Feminist clothing	labels:I’m confused, what do you mean by “feminist clothing”? Do you just mean stuff with slogans on it?
text:Topman is now a part of ASOS	labels:Isn't this an example of the Vile Green getting cash (selling 'brands') that won't go into redundancy or pension pots for the people his spectacular incompetence has left jobless?  What does a company even get when it buys a 'brand' but not the shops, the stock, the staff?	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 11, 2020	labels:After looking at the casual blazer thread I just realized why I never liked or understood Paul Harnden when it was really big a few years ago. I think a lot of it was shoehorned into a more aggressive aesthetic than would suit some of those blazers. And we were still steeped in slim fit bottoms at the time, and people just threw a long, looser fit blazer over tight black twisted leg pants and called it a day. I think it's a great look when it's cohesive, but it came across as very bandwagon-y when it was worn with your typical Julius and BBS type stuff.  Interestingly, Elena Dawson - which is the same thing - was typically worn more cohesively, and I always really liked her work.
text:Oh man I’m the same way.  I can’t work unless I’m actually dressed	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What is your most worn accessories?	labels:I have a rack of fun earrings. It’s a really fun way to add a cute accent.  Also belts, I have a black one and a brown one so if I’m tucking my shirt it adds a bit of polish.
text:NTA. All you did was compliment her dogs. If anything, she should be grateful that you made that comment.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Textured Knits	labels:great mix of inspo here, lots to save! if i had 36 i simply would not leave my home	episode_done:True
text:People should watch old seasons of the bachelor if they don’t believe this. Professionally styled TV glosses over or tones down some of the trends you forgot about. The ladies of reality TV, on the other hand, really deliver.	labels:Personally I enjoy watching early seasons of Project Runway and being flabbergasted by what I once thought was “timeless” or “neutral”
text:would you say they are thick?  also, looking at the site i wanted to confirm. is it $16 per single pair???	labels:Since no one else has seemed to mention it yet, Darn Tough has a lifetime warranty, whenever your socks do end up dying they’ll just give you a new pair, I think that warrants the price on it's own tbh	episode_done:True
text:Fit Battle Round 2 - Side by side	labels:When you put us side by side I feel a bit better about my fit. But damn Chun's got some sick fits.
text:Jeans: Recommendations and Reviews	labels:Honestly I think you have to give way more detail on your old pair and what you’re looking for.  In my mind the biggest hurdle to perfect jeans is the fit, and since every body is different this is highly individual. Some people might prefer stretchier denim for a more forgiving fit, while others look for stiffer fabric, and have less leeway.   Personally I still struggle to find a high rise, non cropped, fits my thighs and waist, plain dark wash, straight/skinny, 90% or more cotton, pair of jeans. But hopefully I’ll find it eventually!
text:From Runway to reddit: Ready-to-Wear Purchasing and the Fashion Calendar Explained	labels:This is fascinating. Can’t wait for part two	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone else not factor in pants when creating outfits? How to move away from this?	labels:I’ve seen a few other comments to this effect... but really a good place to start can just be branching out in denim itself. There are so many different cuts and washes out there now that the particular jeans you’re wearing can have a big impact on the outfit.  I’m a big fan of denim, while I have a few pairs of jeans that “go with anything” I try not to think of them as a default item and pair them with things that make sense for a specific outfit. I have more jeans than most, but that’s because I’ve decide it’s what I love and enjoy having a big variety.   Beyond that, I would really think about what other kind of pants fit your style based off of what you lean towards on the top. Something that others see a lot of use out of may have no place in your wardrobe (ex I keep trying to get beige pants, but I can’t make a single outfit I like with them in my closet - however, I could make several I was happy in with a pair of pink herringbone trousers).	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 09, 2021	labels:Are zip up hoodies still in style? What's popular?
text:Lessons from a Year of No New Clothes	labels:\#3. really spoke to me. I used to be subscribed to a ton of clothing brand emails. I ended up shopping much more for things I didn't need because of FOMO. Now I'm pickier about which brands I get emails from.	episode_done:True
text:Designs are grail, but honestly the feel is not that great for the money. It also feels kinda funny buying made in India/China stuff with purely American heritage designs for x2-x4 times the price of many other repro brands.  Not to say that designs don't absolutely rip. I love em, but I probably will always go with it's vintage counter part or another brand in general.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Three brands only for the rest of your life. What’s yours and why?	labels:JCrew, North Face, Adidas  (assuming existing budget)	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 05, 2020	labels:I’m getting into like 4 simultaneous internet fights today someone please stop me
text:General Discussion - November 06	labels:Good things happen in Philadelphia.
text:Winter Whites: a White Pants After Labor Day Inspo Album	labels:Moral of the album: never wear white pants.	episode_done:True
text:What are some differences between stereotypical Millennial and Gen Z fashion/aesthetics?	labels:I associate Gen Z fashion with crop tops and sweatpants, so yeah it makes sense that people in their 30's buying expensive ethical clothes aren't going for the sporty spice look.
text:I tried wearing only 10 clothes for 10 days! Here are all my outfits	labels:I LOVE these kinds of challenges. 10x10 is much more manageable than 30x30 imo. You did really great! I love the creative layering.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 20, 2021	labels:My partner is now officially my spouse. I now wear a ring which will look good with my fits, but feels really weird being just ... there on my hand, all the time now.  They vetoed me posting pictures (we have public facing jobs, these pictures are all over social media, too easy to reverse image search etc.), but they wore a Rick Owens dress (that I picked out) while I went full minimalism with a collarless shirt with onyx studs, a sleek blazer and cropped trousers. I put this together from my existing wardrobe, since we didn't want to spend a lot. Covid measures made things a bit weird, but the court officer made a real effort into making it nice, which was great. (edit: just so nobody thinks we are totally irresponsible: it was literally just us at city hall, no guests, no party. We'll catch up with that after vaccination.)  It was fun seeing all y'all Americans count down to my wedding day.
text:What Are Your Regional Fashion Stereotypes?	labels:In Alaska you see a lot of work wear.  Flannel, denim, suspenders, and especially car hardts.  I went to a black tie event before Covid and several guys were in black car hardts.  No one said anything.    Also, this is tangential to fashion, but we don’t use umbrellas.
text:I consider all of these to be shrugs.  Even the first pic because it is knit.  A bolero to me, is a constructed jacket worn in a more dressy way.  I'm dating myself, but we wore bolero jackets with our homecoming/prom/fancy event dresses.   Often in a velvet or satin fabric.	labels:Ha, yes, yes we did indeed.	episode_done:True
text:What are your feelings on thrifting from “problematic” brands?	labels:The company already made money off of the original purchase of the shirt, so you buying second hand doesn’t really benefit them in any way. If you really want the item, buying it second hand is probably the most ethical choice you can make. If someone asks where the piece is from, just say you don’t know so they won’t be tempted to buy from the brand lol
text:FAQ: Why/ when/ how do you cuff jeans?	labels:Why: I think it can add a useful visual break in a pant leg, and sometimes it helps the leg drape better. Or if you just want a different silhouette, like cuffing high with boots.  How: I usually do one big turn up of like 2-2.5 inches, seems to let the leg drape more cleanly with no bunching. I'm more of a stacking guy tho.	episode_done:True
text:The Terribly High Cost of Cheap Goods	labels:So let me throw another constraint in the mix and ask what the heck do you do if you’re an odd size as well? Like I wear a 37-38” sleeve. That’s not easy to find anywhere and now if we cut out fast fashion that cuts out like 75% of my main sources  Like I think I’d be fine buying fewer, higher-quality, ethically-made clothes but I have to be able to find ones that fit, and the ratings seldom talk about extended sizes beyond adding more Xes before the L	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 17, 2020	labels:What's MFA's current opinion on henley shirts? I'm college-age, tall and have a slightly skinny but not muscular build. Can non-ripped dudes pull them off just fine as a t-shirt alternative?
text:Lucky Brand is mall brand quality.  It's produced for the mass market.  There's nothing special about the materials or the construction.  It might last 1 year or 10 years if you're....lucky.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Thank you!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Fashion Favorites	labels:A good coat always makes me feel put together. Trench, wool, sleeping bag, doesn't matter.  Black heeled boots with a bit of an edge. I'll even wear them with leggings or joggers and feel good.  Drapey black sweaters or linen tunics.   Polka dot or checked pants. I usually reserve patterns for pants/skirts so a nice geometric print always makes me feel good.  Always earrings and rings. My engagement ring is a big black diamond so it's a central piece and I have 3 lobe piercings in each ear as my staple. I'll add fun dangly earrings and other silver/black rings if I'm feeling fun.
text:What is something you've heard as fashion advice that isn't worth following?	labels:Probably the advice that anything I wear as a fat person has to be slimming or flattering. Yes I wear a lot of black, but just because it's easy not because it makes me look thinner. My size isn't a big secret or anything.   Also this is taking a really broad view but the fashion culture of planned obsolescence, declaring certain things "out" and other things "in," is super classist and unsustainable, so even though I enjoy reading about new trends I don't really care to follow them.
text:Fall Fit Battle - Final Four - Discussion	labels:Hey, who forgot to tell /u/Rariora about the textured gray trousers?  \--> /u/8888plasma <-- v. /u/Rariora \-- neither fit really surprised me. Maybe I've just seen enough of this battle for now. Like I said, with /u/Rariora, I like the long coat over interesting pants, but I think it came out better last time. And I'm not in love with the black-forward color scheme here. Plasma's look is also more tame than usual, no crazy colors, but the first background was... cheating, really. The long cardigan worked. And is that all color 8? And the scarf being worn asymmetrically like that is a plus for me. Tame, overall, but... really solid.  \--> /u/ngoknows <-- v. /u/chunsak \-- I'd say NGO ahs the most interesting fit here, for me, with the big, fun, scarf. I like the asymmetry in the first photo... Really solid fit. Oh, and I love the detail shot! Chunsak... Also solid, but doesn't stir anyting up in me, personally. I can see how cord, flannel and donegal in this combination might excite some of you, but for me... eh.  Overall... I expect something crazier next round. Don't pull any punches for the finals.
text:I think a sheath or shift dress would also be a great dress for weight fluctuations!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Vintage Holidays	labels:Cool!	episode_done:True
text:Anyone else feeling incredibly disconnected from the 'fashion world'?	labels:I feel the opposite, right feel like almost every “outfit” I see influencers in nowadays is just jeans and t-shirt. If they weren’t hot and young, the same outfit would get dragged. Like mom jeans and a giant tucked t-shirt that looks like it came from Walmart and we’re raving about Bella Hadid’s style. I find it very hard to find fashion influences for adult women that aren’t super basic, skewed super young, or just generic preppy “put a blazer over it!” J-crew style. The only place I see any creativity at all is in super high end fashion, but that’s not within the reach of most of us. The whole fashion industry in general is skewed so young, it’s like after 30 they think I should just wear a sack. The only reason the super high end brands cater to an older demographic at all is that older wealthy women are the only ones that buy their clothes. Any price point below that is plain plain basic city
text:Stop Dressing For Your Height [Tim Dessaint]	labels:I love this guy	episode_done:True
text:What rockstar(s) you take fashion inspiration from? What do you like about their style?	labels:I've been larping Joan Jett ever since I dyed my hair black and got a shag and I'm only semi joking. Though most of the year I feel I dressed like an aging punk dad. Ripped jeans, flannels, band tees, oversized everything, big ass scarves, cardigans, earthy tones and muted gem tones, vans etc	episode_done:True
text:what pieces/brands did you buy when moving from a warmer climate to a cooler climate? what did you end up regretting/not using?	labels:Many years ago I moved from Hawaii to college in the Northeast. I would recommend 1) Buying it all there, because they'll have what's good for their climate and 2) starting out with cheaper options (thrifted, Old Navy, Target range) even if it's not quite your style. Don't spend much time, effort, and money until you see how you really feel after at least a year of seasons. Maybe you want warmer stuff than you thought you would, or realize you should invest in nicer socks, or discover you don't actually like turtlenecks, or shift to a different style when you're surrounded by a new area's vibe. Let yourself experience it for a bit without pressuring yourself to do it all right.
text:Fashion trends	labels:It has just come to my attention that skinny jeans are outdated, outre-le-mode and I'm like, "what?"  Are they really out?  If so what do you wear with boots?  Why does literally every fashion brand and house sell them?  It's okay - I'm prepared for a rude awakening.  Give it to me straight, friends. Are skinny jeans out?
text:And also collate any feedback you have gotten, i.e I have this old skirt that when I wear it...always gets compliments.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How have you been doing your shopping since Covid?	labels:Poshmark, and I especially look for people who mention that they’re new moms (eg. Clothes don’t fit because of pregnancy) but really shop any non-boutique closets.  I figure a lot of people can use the help right now.  Otherwise online from independent retailers.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 25, 2020	labels:How formal can you dress up Doc Martens 1461 particularly the Crazy Horse colorway?
text:Saturday Vibe Check - January 03, 2021	labels:I watched a couple of the new restorations of Wong Kar Wai's work. Really, really, really made me miss the feeling of seeing truly special films inside a theater.
text:Does anyone else hate literally everything they put on?	labels:What i wear in my private life i know suits me and even if it doesn't flatter me according to fashion "rules", it makes me feel invincible and powerful.  What i wear to work is just temporary cloth to cover my body.  I have basically no emotional attachment to any of it, and i know it is actively unflattering.  However, showing up at my science job in full goth/pagan gear would be....frowned upon.  So i have 2 separate wardrobes and rarely shall the twain meet.  I don't love the situation, but it's the reality of life, so i endure.	episode_done:True
text:Do you guys default to a set of a few pieces even though you own a ton?	labels:yeah. i think once i figure out which 'default' items I tend to reach for.. i end up getting rid of the infrequent stuff, and buy more colors of the default thing.   lately im defaulting to turtleneck sweaters most of the time in cold weather... so I plan to buy 2 more colors.  probably get rid of the polo neck sweater or the long sleeve henleys.	episode_done:True
text:What am I supposed to do with my head post-chemo?	labels:I have straight hair. It sucks ahahah. I have tried to give it a proper form for years until one day I got exasperated and shaved it. I'm not going back. I feel much better about my appearance now. People are usually afraid they'll look like nazis with very short hair but I haven't seen anyone being intimidated by my haircut yet ahahah	episode_done:True
text:I definitely am a silver jewelry person and find all of my jewelry on Etsy. It helps to add “925” to your search so that you weed out all of the lesser quality jewelry.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What were the fashion finds that made you cry of happiness?	labels:I found a Frame leather trench at Nordstrom Rack in December for 80% off.  They discounted it even more because it was missing the belt, but I think it looks good without it!	episode_done:True
text:Exactly what I was thinking	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Light Down Jacket Inspiration Album	labels:I don’t like them much: too utilitarian and not classy/dressy enough. I’d rather wear a light merino cardigan	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone else have this style issue?	labels:This is pretty much what finding your style is.  You're taking what you like or whatever vision you have in your head, and combining it with your reality; your budget, your time investment, your lifestyle, & your actual body.  That said, it's not impossible to pull of a specific look, but if it plays against your strengths, but it's going to be more of a time investment to get it right.  The most efficient way to do this would be to learn how to sew, so that you can either tailor or make everything yourself.  Alternatively, you've got to try on a ton of clothes to get the fit you wan,t and probably still need to get things tailored.  There are a ton of ways that you can get an outfit to lean one way or the other, either through styling or accessories.  Personally, I love a good menswear inspired look; but I don't love it on my body and I'm not gonna be bothered with finding curvy, petite pants when I don't even particularly like pants.  However, chopping off my hair really helped me feel a lot more comfortable wearing more feminine silhouettes without it feeling so feminine.  It might make sense to pick out the elements that work for you (colours? materials? tops?) and mixing it with other things that you like/work for you body.	episode_done:True
text:who would pay more than 13 cents for a shirt anyway   I work in IT btw	labels:Depends, how many pockets does it have.
text:What does your shoe wardrobe look like? What are your shoe essentials?	labels:I recently cataloged my wardrobe, and was shocked to find out I have over 30 pairs of shoes! 4 boots, 5 sandals, 8 flats, 6 heels, and 9 pairs of sneakers. The sneaker count is a bit inflated, though - I borrow my husband’s sneakers a lot (same shoe size, 10/10 recommend) and 4 of those are his. I have maybe 5 pairs listed on Poshmark right now, and could stand to get rid of a few more.   Despite the above, I swear I have about 10 pairs on my wish list right now. There are 2 pairs of boots, a pair of heels, and some flats that I have my eye on at present. I’d like a pair of shiny lace up boots, and to replace an old pair of snake print boots with green croc print. I’ve also got a burning desire to own Mary Jane flats, so that’s on the list too.   I won’t list every pair I have, but the frequent fliers are:   Boots: dark red Docs; knee high suede and black Chelsea both from Stuart Weitzman    Flats: black & white Chanel ballerinas, black Gucci mules, red suede Stuart Weitzman d’orsay   Heels: Sam Edelman Barbie pink suede pumps, mid-heel Jil Sander black pumps   Sandals: vintage black patent ferragamo   Sneakers: white AF1 with a painted snake on the swoosh, my husband’s fendi monster eye runners & Gucci ace	episode_done:True
text:VF to Acquire Supreme, Valuing Brand at $2.1 Billion-plus	labels:what in the actual fuck?	episode_done:True
text:Hair accessories - professional or should be saved for casual environments?	labels:There’s a woman in my office who wears her hair in a head wrap almost exclusively and she always looks so stunning and put together. I’ve noticed many of us have been wearing headbands more now working from home, but mostly in stripes or animal print. I have a tie dyed one that I only wear on weekends. I will say, in my office hair accessories seem to be well-received. I’ve done barrettes and a velvet ribbon previously and gotten many compliments. I’m also over 35, if it matters to you to know that context.	episode_done:True
text:Top of WAYWT - July 2020	labels:Electrikwalrus is such an OG
text:Philip Green's Arcadia UK fashion group falls into administration	labels:This should be no surprise to anyone  Green is a one-trick pony - buy a profitable company, plunder it and ship the cash out as dividends to the sole shareholder (his Monaco based wife), sell it to some mug  He has never been the retail genius he thinks of himself as  He also never spent any money (q.v. plunder) setting these stores up for online trading  It's terribly sad for tens of thousands to lose their jobs because of his inept management and excellent thievery, but anyone could see it coming
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 14, 2020	labels:What are some places that I can get ethically made, fair-trade fashionable items ?
text:Exactly this - I’m currently wearing a pair of velvet black high boots with a whacking gold sparkly heel at my very conservative office job. The rest of my outfit is toned down, but I’ve got so many compliments so far and they make me feel GREAT!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Engineered Garments Fall 2021 Menswear Collection	labels:Is the model on slide 1 wearing On Cloud shoes?	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 15, 2020	labels:Man, wine is delicious but such a pain in the ass thing to be into. My partner isn't into it, I can't kill a whole bottle by myself, and it doesn't keep. Guess I need to throw more dinner parties once lockdown lifts.
text:post fit	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Scene / Emo / Goth fashion in 2020	labels:A massive amount of posers became goth/emo/etc over the past few years, with the explosion of "eBay and egirl" they are turning the goth scene into a mess of tik tok poses and cringe selfies.  Used to be chill people in this scene now its just a bunch of people listening to rap and playing mcr on guitar.   Anyways I dont want to see more clothing brands pop up until the posers drop the trend. Sadly most of them sell on instagram    (If you want to find clothing shops btw scroll instagram for goth clothes and start making a wishlist)	episode_done:True
text:> Just got one, not necessarily this brand  So simply a boot, any boot? Meaning your question is just what to do about squeaky boots? Sounds like daily questions thread material.	labels:I think I would notice my toe rubbing enough to produce an audible squeak.  Could be the shank has come loose, the heel not fully attached, poorly conditioned leather. Take the offending shoe bend it about a bit by hand and work out where the creak is coming from then take a view	episode_done:True
text:I lived in the UK for a while and I can tell you, you have stumbled upon some *extremely serious business* here. I was surprised too.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Your description sounds a lot like old navy jeans. I've been wearing those for a while, but now post baby I'm looking for something that hides the post preggo belly.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 29, 2020	labels:I recently got an Alpha M65 (the older model, not the Heritage) after a long and drawn out exchange process due to just HOW drastically oversized they are, and while it fits well and is comfortable, warm, etc. it's still pretty stiff despite constantly being worn. I'm guessing because my job, while outdoors half the time, is not particularly labor-intensive.   I'm just wondering if there's any method of kind of breaking it in, so to speak. Should I wash it (as per the instructions on the inner tag), maybe? I'm worried that might prematurely fade it, or worse, cause it to shrink the way hoodies sometimes can even if you wash on cold and air dry.	episode_done:True
text:This was me for the longest time. I loved skirts and jeans (I also looove cardigans), but shopping for tops just didn’t interest me. I ended up stocking up on plain tees during a big sale all in one go — also from JCrew!   Then I got a job in an office that was always warm, and without my cardigans as a “third piece”, my plain tees just didn’t cut it anymore, sigh.	labels:Yes! This is my problem. I also had stocked up on tops that need a 3rd piece. But they do not work on their own due to shape, or cut, or something else. I am not really a t-shirt as part of my outfit person, unless it is a graphic tee. And as I got bored of my cardigan, the more wrong these shirts felt.   I feel like I had the most stand alone tops during peplum wave v1.   I realize this puff sleeve moment is the time I need to stock up. The puff sleeve really works for me!
text:Have you ever participated in a clothing swap - in person or online?	labels:I have participated in one.  It was a long time ago but I remember it being super helpful.  There were clothes for everyone there, not just women, so I stocked up on mostly kids' clothes.  I did, however, bring home a fantastic vintage houndstooth wool dress coat that I still wear.  It's one of my favorite pieces in my wardrobe.    I would love to do another one but right now doesn't feel very safe for something like that.	episode_done:True
text:Had to read that twice	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Is Y2K fashion coming back organically or is it a result of progressing the 90's comeback to the next decade since that trend seemed to work out?	labels:Everything eventually comes back in fashion.  Personally I would love for 2000s jeans to come back - not super low rise or the ones that were bedazzled or laced up but just normal rise bootcut and flare jeans. I have a few from that era that I still wear all the time and a couple more that I had to replace with similar ones from poshmark because I couldn't find them in shops.  I also miss 2000s makeup. Sure, there was too much body glitter and candy colors but there was also the fresh dewy look of blush and a light lip gloss - think Britney Spears in her Oops I Did It Again video, or Mandy Moore's makeup in her video for Candy. Not everything in the 2000s was horrible lol.
text:What is your favorite clothing purchase of the year, and why?	labels:If I'm honest, with this year being what it was, the purchase I'm most excited about is four pairs of slim-fitting fleece joggers from Gap. A close second would be two pairs of decent-looking New Balance 574s.  I've been working from home since March and really only go out to get groceries, get a haircut, and occasionally go for a walk on a nearby biking trail. My uniform for the last few months has been joggers and a polo shirt, sometimes an Oxford. It's just enough that I still feel professional at work (I do video calls with clients), but it's the most comfortable I've ever been at work.  When I have to leave, throw those New Balance sneakers on. Cold? Grad a denim jacket. Had I worn this outfit somewhere nice a year or two ago, yeah, I can see that being a cause for ridicule. But now, I'm frequently the best dressed person I run across when I go outside. At work, some people dress a bit better, but it's still comparable.  I look forward to seeing what happens to fashion when we get this pandemic taken care of. Some people have been putting effort together to make things like joggers and sneakers work and look great, I wonder if fashion in general will adopt more of the comfortable trends.	episode_done:True
text:The Very Useful Black Sweater	labels:I love all black and cream/white sweaters, so versatile. My fave for really cold day is a chunky knit black or cream turtle neck with a camel or contrast coat.
text:I worked on it over the last few days and it’s so aesthetically pleasing! I love being able to go and pick out an outfit based on whatever color I’m feeling at the moment.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Fall 2020 Fit Battle Voting - Round 2	labels:NgoKnows vs bond__jamesbond	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 16, 2021	labels:Looking to pick up a budget suit as I'm about to graduate from university soon. Last time I checked /r/mfa it seemed like the JCF Thompson line was good for around $200, is it still the best around that price range or is there anything better in the $200-$300 range?.   Also, for those with experience, do you guys recommend their Voyager wool or should I just pick the standard/worsted version?	episode_done:True
text:I like the matte/muted color of that nubuck has, so ended up with this one. The cuyama looks pretty sweet though!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 03, 2020	labels:under a stunning set of circumstances, I have time traveled back to 2013 and bought a fishtail parka.
text:AE Elgin - Before & After recraft pics	labels:yeah im sorry dude but these are definitely not it	episode_done:True
text:How to wear nice casual clothes with a cotton allergy?	labels:Have you tried looking for clothing made out of hemp or linen? You can find casual tshirts and whatnot that are 100% hemp fabric. You can also find causal shoes that are hemp (i have an older pair of Adidas that are 100% hemp fabric uppers). Plenty made out of leather as well.  Do you have a budget for clothes? A lot of companies that use these alternative materials are considered "premium" brands and carry their price tags accordingly.
text:what are wardrobe items you own that you absolutely recommend to everyone else here?	labels:High quality leather gloves in a versatile colour such as burgundy or tan	episode_done:True
text:L.L.Bean x Todd Snyder Collection	labels:Goddamn, a lot of the good stuff is already sold out.	episode_done:True
text:This I think is where I am and thank you for the thoughts.   I need at least six pairs of shoes for daily wear. With that requirement I will soon have one pair of shoes that’s even the right size. So buying a stable of AE’s to get started seems reasonable.   I doubt I will ever really be a collector, and the idea of spending $1,000 for a pair of shoes still feels insane. But owning a base line of shoes that don’t hurt sounds well worth replacing my current shoes with AE’s even if there are other good options out there.	labels:check out preston on elegant oxford where he links a ebay sellar who lists AE for a fraction for what you would pay in store. Look secondhand since there is plenty of options there which are barely worn.	episode_done:True
text:Changing Your Habits: Deciding to Not Shop Brands for Ethical or Other Reasons & Following Through	labels:I've completely stopped buying from Amazon and actually feel ill when I see anyone buying from them - which is everyone I know except my husband. Even people who are verbal about how shitty of a company it is still can't resist the "convenience." I think it takes practice. The longer you abstain from certain things, the less you want to go back.   I've also been a lot more conscious of the companies I buy my clothes from. If it seems too good to be true (i.e. cheap,) then it probably is. A beautiful top listed for $10 might seem like a deal, but you have to really think about why that garment is so cheap in the first place. I've gotten to the point where I can push past being seduced by a low price and look into the company itself. I read about their business practices, and if they seem fishy, I don't buy.  I'd rather thrift my clothes and feel more confident that I'm not buying in to fast-fashion. I'd be content wearing the same clothes forever and just reworking them through the years with my own hands, as opposed to buying from a company that treats people and our environment badly.	episode_done:True
text:NYT: The Very Right-Now Allure of Going to Extremes – Reviews of Rick Owens, Loewe, and Dries' SS21 Presentations	labels:i sort of love this, it's so true  >Mr. Owens said ... “There’s a danger in feeling sorry for yourself.”  it's so easy rn to just give in and wallow around in cat-hair sweatpants and spaghetti sauce hoodies. everything rn SUCKS. For the first couple months of all of this that's what I did. I was really depressed and scared, but now it's different. I've accepted the shit, and now it's time to...not move on because social distancing and wearing masks are still important, but I guess to just make do how best we can.   i've been feeling a lot more comfortable wearing weird clothes and experimenting with new things lately. i feel anonymous behind my mask, like i can get away with something i might not have been able to otherwise. and that is such a great feeling. not only is it liberating but i feel so confident and happy. i went grocery shopping last weekend in punk boots with high-waisted sparkly camo leggings and a cropped hoodie. i'd never have worn that out before! (at least maybe not during the day, and definitely not grocery shopping!!)  and it feels sort of great to feel that way now. yeah things suck but i'm wearing sparkly camo leggings right now and i feel great!  i'm hoping that when this is all over and things settle into a new normal maybe that experience will help others like it's been helping me. maybe people will be more comfortable being themselves, and feel less pressure to dress a certain way, and just do what makes them happy!	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: No-Nonsense Professional Stately Fantasy Princess	labels:I need a forest green velvet pantsuit and I need it yesterday
text:Shitpost Saturday: Zoom Fashion Etiquette	labels:I've converted my home into a faithful replica of my office on campus. The bare, white walls and flickering fluorescent lights remind me to never show a shred of personality to my coworkers, lest they suspect that I occasionally engage in activities outside of work. My dog's despondent whimpers recall the helpless cries of teenagers on the brink of a nervous collapse as they juggle arbitrary deadlines, crushing debt, and the insidious suspicion that it's all a bunch of bullshit. One big advantage of working from home is the ready supply of cheap coffee to keep me alert now that I'm expected to be available at any time--day, night, and weekend. I'm having heart palpitations and the entire left side of my face is numb, but my productivity is unmatched!
text:White/Light Denim Jacket Inspo Album	labels:Fall is in full swing with all the denim jacket threads here lately.
text:What will be obsolete by summer 2021?	labels:I'm hoping those "Is it Wine o'clock?" shirts (or anything involving  women drinking wine to deal with life) you find at any mall store/Target directed towards adults.   Perhaps it's because I can no longer pass as a youth and will no doubt get thrown into the demographic these companies sell to, but it's always painful when you start to see a trend in clothes and you hate it, and it lasts YEARS.
text:A Vontade Fall/Winter 2020	labels:Oversized coats coming back in style is a godsend for tiny dudes.	episode_done:True
text:I would also like to know more!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Haha another INTJ here and you took the words out of my mouth - my family/ husband often makes fun of me for wearing all black often but honestly, it works, it’s easy and makes me feel chic.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:+J/UNIQLO SPECIAL COLLABORATION: What’s the verdict?	labels:the outerwear is all spectacular and i think much nicer quality than regular uniqlo outerwear.  i thought the sweaters were a bit thin, which was slightly disappointing.  all the cotton items are pretty standard uniqlo cotton (maybe slightly smoother) but the cuts were fun. the silk items felt nice, but not as nice as more expensive silks (obviously). the silk knit shirts were less soft than the bow blouse but i think that's just the nature of knit silks?  the wool items were all fab. i got trousers and the skirt and love them both.  also EVERYTHING WAS SO BIG? i know some of the items were supposed to be oversized but the sizing wasn't consistent. i was my usual size in skirt/pants and sweaters/shirts, but i had to size down in the oversized items because they were too big. the hybrid down coat which i got in a M (my usual uniqlo outerwear size) fit like a L or XL. the cotton shirtdress which i also got in a M (for non-outerwear i am usually between a s/m in uniqlo sizing because i am tall, and generally go with a M for sleeve length) fits like a L, but for that one i can make it work by styling it differently. if they had it in a S i would have gotten that instead, tho.  generally i am pleased with what i got. i think for the price it's not bad, and i like the cuts of the pieces and higher than usual fabric quality, although some pieces felt more worth it than others.   i do NOT think it is worth buying at a markup tho. none of the pieces were particularly unique (except maybe some of the outerwear) and you would be able to find similar pieces from other places at a similar price point i think.
text:The North Face's Denali Jacket Hit Icon Status in '95—And Stayed There Ever Since	labels:Still wear mine 13 years and counting. I want to stop wearing it, but it’s just such a staple and classic. Feels comfortable and has held up really well.	episode_done:True
text:What are the most recommended items of this subreddit?	labels:Ever heard of killshots
text:Wardrobe not updated	labels:What makes sense for you, your life, your budget, your mental health, your storage space etc? These are questions I consider for myself.   Following fashion trends can be fun to engage in, but I'd recommend asking yourself whether you follow the trend because you like it or you feel societal pressure. Are you doing it for yourself? If so, is there something else you could be doing to substitute that would cost less money, use up less space, last longer, etc?   I've acquired a few things since Covid, and the later purchases have been way more mindful than what I bought initially. I've been investing more time into hobbies I've been meaning to get back into in lieu of online window shopping mindlessly. You see more things to buy, you'll likely have more urges to shop.   It does feel like my wardrobe is in a time capsule-- more so the idea of "these are clothes I wore pre-Covid" and now "these are the clothes I currently wear." In a way, things feel dated because they are no longer in active rotation. But I don't feel the need to get rid of things I like. If I no longer like them, then there's no reason to hold onto them.  I bought warm clothes for the winter and I've been very grateful. I don't pay a lot of attention to trends as an indicator for what I should buy, but rather if I like something then I might invest time into finding the right version of x piece. But lately... I can't justify too many purchases and that's okay! Enjoying trends vicariously is just as good as owning something.	episode_done:True
text:Can You Wear a T-Shirt Under a Blazer and Not Look Like an 1980s Leftover?	labels:It's got to be a very casual jacket, with a tee that does not look like underwear. Way back when a suit or jacket is part of normal daily wear, people wear them over anything- think tweed work jackets over thick crew neck sweaters, with or without neckerchief. Tailoring used to be much more free-form compared to the generally more prescriptive "worsted-wool sharp businessman look" nowadays. Crew neck sweaters are basically the OG t-shirts, and easier to wear on its own since plain t-shirts were originally underwear and not meant to be seen.	episode_done:True
text:Reigning Champ Hoodie: 2 months later	labels:Do you sit with your elbows on your desk? That puts a lot of stress on the fabric. That and the sleeves being too small for your frame...	episode_done:True
text:Noel Fielding X Fendi menswear colab	labels:I think Noel Fielding's art work is fun, and he is a very fun, odd dude. I loved him in IT Crowd, and he's weird as ever in the B. Baking series.   His Fendi graphics are arguably the better items in the fashion show, but wouldn't it be just as good if they used another contemporary artist? I feel that this type of graphics can be interchangeable. Any local graffiti artist could do something interesting. Noel is just famous.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 30, 2020	labels:I’m brown and fat. And I’m starting to work in a few months time. Any advice on what colours i should be wearing?
text:Task Rabbit, Meet Chore Coat	labels:imo this article is incomplete without mentioning the Universal Works Bakers Jacket.  Or Vetra, for that matter.
text:Literally wearing a red, white and blue one right now.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Fashion "fantasies" coming true years later?	labels:There are items that I fell in love with when I was a teenager/student, but could never afford. Now that I’m an adult and making decent money I’ve actually purchased a few of these items second hand on Vestiaire Collective or Vinted. The top two are an Alexander McQueen silk skull print scarf and a Mulberry Alexa bag. Certainly not the trendiest of items nowadays but I am thrilled with them and younger me is so happy I finally own them after all these years of wanting them.
text:Covid Dilemna - Finding my style	labels:My mom and I use StitchFix and have liked it so far. If you don’t end up buying anything, I believe they waive the styling fee and if you do buy something, they use the styling fee as a credit towards what you bought! It’s nice because you can constantly update what you like and what you don’t! The app is super user friendly! Some of the clothes are pricey but you can adjust it so that you receive cheaper options!
text:F21 and CR are terrible. Shein isn't even as good as *them.*	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The best running shorts — 12 pairs tested (full post in comments)	labels:Chubbies ultimate training shorts 5.5” Got 5 pair in the last few months and they’re the best I’ve come across. Liner doesn’t ride up and doesn’t squeeze the hell out of your sausage, great material, hold up well, no stink, great pockets. They’re pricey, usually anywhere from $60-75, but if you get two at a time you can usually get a $10 discount. Recently through BF deals and CM I got 4 for $160 total	episode_done:True
text:I know “fashion” but people of minorities are always forced to try better. Some Insights	labels:Isn’t this true regardless of race? Someone in a stained tank top who hasn’t showered in a week vs a showered suited up person. The formal clothing will always carry a different stereotype	episode_done:True
text:Would you prefer people throw away their old clothes when they are done with them?	labels:No. My only beef is that if you’re gonna say you follow Yvon and Patagonia, reselling it for a big sum isn’t exactly it. Give it away or sell it for $40 or something. Make it a bit more accessible. Obviously, if there’s a demand, there’s nothing wrong with selling high.
text:General Discussion - February 14, 2021	labels:vday and bday 2day has me feeling flagrant with this debit card
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge: Your Favorite Boots - REMINDER!	labels:Hey guys! Please do not forget that **our next theme challenge is this Sunday!** Your Favorite Boots!	episode_done:True
text:How do you decide what clothes you “need”?	labels:So what works for me is whenever I'm getting dressed and there's an item I wish I had to complete the outfit I mentally note it. Make sure to think of the category of item Ex Black Cargo pants, Brown hoodie w/ no drawstrings and no logo, white chunky sneakers. Etc.   Then as time goes by, the categories that come up over and over are the most important to grab first and would improve the most outfits. I add them to a list  If I'm shopping and I want something but it's not on my list then I try to pass on buying it. When a deal pops up and it's something on my list it's a no brainer instant purchase.   I try to be patient and wait for items that meet all my picky criteria. If I'm not in love with it I don't buy it. If even one thing is not right, I pass.   And final thing is I aim high whenever I buy for these categories in quality and spend time hunting. Ex: If I have $250 for a jacket I try and wait till a $600 jacket goes on sale for $250. You can find investment worthy designer for near regular retail prices and it's worth the extra money.	episode_done:True
text:Serious answer...  Geo-politically, in the rundown of the British Empire to the setting up of the modern United Kingdom, British politicians have consciously latched themselves onto the USA due to shared history, languages, similar culture and values.   American culture has had a massive influence on British due to shared language historically. Even in the so-called Golden Age of Cinema most movies shown in Britain were produced in the USA. This carried on by large with new forms of communication and entertainment like TV and social media. Most Western social media is by default American social media even in a globalised world.  Furthermore in the run-up to Brexit and during it currently a lot of political weight has been thrown to a US-UK trade deal. A change in President, or keeping the current, would mean a change in the trade negotiation and political policymaking process. The recent trade deals with Japan and Kenya a tiny in levels of importance. A trade deal with the USA is not.  Finally, we're not due another UK General Election according to the Fixed Term Parliament Act for a while, and I doubt we'd call one during a pandemic with a majority of MPs voting for it. Sometimes the media just want to focus on something else for a time. If you're upset enough you can always complain to the BBC or Ofcom via email.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Dr. Biden's embroidered Oscar de la Renta Dress was beautiful - What's your favorite brand that utilizes embroidery? (or your holy grail embroidered piece)	labels:Vivetta. Their pieces mix the beautiful craftsmanship of embroidery with playfulness/humor. I have a couple pieces that feature their hand collars. While I haven’t worn those items in a couple years, I regard them as true works of art, and I will keep them in my collection.
text:Howdy! I do visible mending- sashiko, patching and darning services! For a big wooly cardigan darning is gonna do well for it.	labels:Pmd ya bro, appreciate that 🙏	episode_done:True
text:Sizing relationships between brands	labels:You gotta take your measurements. Sizing can change even within a brand. However, if you have your measurements to compare nothing will w r be a surprise. Since I started comparing my measurements to listed I’ve hardly returned anything I’ve bought online.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- November 06	labels:Just bought some Barbour Liddlesdale jackets. Are the sleeves amenable to bring tailored (shortened)?	episode_done:True
text:For the parents of girls	labels:My daughter is 7. I usually show her things and ask her if   1. She likes it and   2. If she'll wear it.   Otherwise she'll just put it in the back of her closet and keep wearing her old clothes.	episode_done:True
text:What are the most recommended items of this subreddit?	labels:Ever heard of killshots
text:Pierre Cardin: French fashion giant dies aged 98	labels:Aww I love his umbrellas	episode_done:True
text:Jewelry trends for 2021	labels:I’m just bored that I can’t find any delicate silver jewelry anywhere. Gold is just not my thing
text:I used to think this until I moved to my current rental apartment, this is the absoulete shittiest washing machine I've ever used. It destroys everything no matter how careful I am.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:This is a good point. I started by replacing things I wore all the time with better quality versions. I also started with shoes	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 09, 2020	labels:what size is a lacoste 50/3 converted? A small medium or large?	episode_done:True
text:"Can people just hate fashion again" - Synecdoche When Talking about the "Industry" Discussion	labels:Lol what is that quote about Valkyrie even trying to say
text:Drake's Collection One, 2021 Lookbook	labels:Man, Drakes crushes is every season.	episode_done:True
text:They just relaunched the Alexa so may be coming back into style :D	labels:	episode_done:True
text:new year, old shoes — an upcycled shoe album	labels:What a sick album, wuz. I’ve loved recoutures work for a while and would love to have them to work on a pair of shoes one day.   If I was filthy rich the Rick Owens’ tractor sole would be going on a few different sneaker and sandal uppers.	episode_done:True
text:This is a great answer. I did this with a few of the shorter dresses I have and pretty soon I was just used to it and when your own brain is used to something, you don't care as much what other people think. Excellent advice!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Any advice for overcoming self consciousness/self doubt when you're trying to step out of your comfort zone and expand your style?	labels:Try some boots or booties with heels higher than the ones you already own! Personally, any time I've made changes to my style I've tried items on at home that are mixed with things that are within my comfort zone to ease into it. The combinations I like will be seen out in public and then become a part of my regular rotation.	episode_done:True
text:Tailoring for the People	labels:Fingers crossed I win tonight's lottery so I can buy that $4,000 coat in pic 39!	episode_done:True
text:Married dad-of-three wears skirts and heels to work ‘because he can’	labels:The ultimate flex. And he looks fantastic.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- November 08	labels:I'm looking to get a trench coat/overcoat before winter enters full swing, but I have a problem... I'm a tad skinny, 5'10" 130lbs. I'm not quite  wiry, but I'm getting there and this makes finding anything like what  I'm looking for a bit difficult.  While in highschool (I was even smaller back then) I wore a coat by London Fog and was able to make it work and probably could again but, it would be nice to be able to wear something a little less baggy as I won't *always* be layered up.  Does anyone have any recommendations in the sub $300 (my other limiting factor) range?... beyond simply getting bigger (I figured that one out  believe it or not). On a side note; what's london fog's quality like  these days?	episode_done:True
text:When your coat is your most-seen-in item, multiples is a must!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How to Dress for Life at Home	labels:They go from "throwing on yesterdays jeans and a random t shirt dosnt cut it anymore" to "wear broken in workwear (jeans) and random summer attire"  I swear the only point of this article is to make people feel unhappy with their current wardrobe so they buy more stuff.
text:How to find the confidence to wear clothes you like?	labels:Do you buy with your own income and do you do your own laundry? If yes to both then when your mother points that out again you say “thank you I will take that into consideration” and move on. That’s how adults should talk and the whole point of being adults. You can share your opinion but I don’t have to follow your every word. Then you experiment with light colours yourself. Buying from thrift stores or online second hand apps sounds like a great place to start. Then you can make those calls for yourself or confirm and see if you agree with your mother’s advice	episode_done:True
text:some are I think! Personally I like 6x2 with the option to roll to a 6x1 for a casual, louche look.   You should definitely try it!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 12, 2020	labels:Y'all ever have brands that you really admire conceptually and aesthetically, but you just can't imagine integrating into actually WEARING them? I've been looking back at Hamcus and I love the concept of designing clothing around scifi worldbuilding, but it's REALLY hard imagining myself wearing basically anything they produce.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 27, 2020	labels:What do I buy to look attractive? I keep getting told that my fashion is my biggest problem. I'm willing to spend up to 200$ per article of clothing IF it is something special, but I would like to spend between 50-100. I live in seattle. I am 6'4, have black thin oily hair, and medium to dark skin. I'm of pakistani descent. I'd rather not post a picture if myself here but I can dm if the information isn't enough to make suggestions. I'd like suggestions for clothes for all four seasons	episode_done:True
text:Hair accessories - professional or should be saved for casual environments?	labels:I think they’re like jewelry accessories. They range from wild to professional. If you style a very plain item in a wild way, it’s no longer a plain item. Like hair colored bobby pins used to sculpt your hair into a helicopter. I think scrunchies can be great with a sleek bun or a lovely scarf as a head wrap and still look professional. A headband with horns may not fit in all offices, but maybe that’s a vibe of an office that works.	episode_done:True
text:Chore Coat Inspo Album	labels:Sooooo in roight nao	episode_done:True
text:How do you wear square scarves?	labels:I used to have a small cool square that I would fold and tie into a bracelet	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 30	labels:Anybody know a good alternative to the Nike tech fleece joggers? I have a pair and love the fit/taper, but I wanted to know if there was a better alternative.	episode_done:True
text:I stopped taking him seriously after I saw how many undershirts he had and how he threw some out after less than 20 wears and throws out shoes after 50 wears	labels:Author here. I understand that. As to the 20 wears for underwear T-shirts, I might note that I always (have to) wear an underwear shirt to protect whatever I wear on top of it. Most of the time, it is a button down shirt at work. I wash the underwear t-shirt after each use. It may be due to my exceptionally high metabolism, but they really start being rather shabby after 25-30 uses, some after only 20 (especially if worn on hot summer days).   It actually really bothers me that I cannot make them last longer in my work context. When i divest they, I do continue use though as sportswear or garden work or whatever where it doesn't matter that they are a bit shabby.  As of shoes, that one pair that lasted only 50 days were really falling apart.
text:For me it's day to day. My outfits definitely have some "shared DNA" between them, but I would say that each day I try for a different aesthetic to an extent	labels:I hate using the word "optimal" because constantly trying to min/max your wardrobe is a silly thing, but I think this is the optimal way of doing things. Day to day the aesthetic changes but the shared DNA of the entire wardrobe is a cross-section of a small handful of general aesthetic ideas that work well with one another.
text:When/why did you get your first really fancy purse/bag?	labels:Ever since I was in high school (90’s) I’ve always loved luxury handbags. When I was riding my bike to school one morning I rode past a yard sale that an old woman was having at her HUGE ocean front home. I spied a Fendi shoulder bag with the signature interlocking F’s and bought it for $20. She told me she paid “hundreds” for it, but could never fit all of her stuff in it. I was visibly thrilled and she patted my hand and said she was happy someone who loved it would give it a good home. So sweet.
text:I’m not fat, just super hairy and visible pubes is much worse than fat.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:It’s cause they’re more F U N    Glad you’re happier with your clothes now man :)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Recent Purchases - November 29, 2020	labels:Got a leather jacket and a few bottoms coming from Sauce Zhan, hopefully they won't get stuck in customs for long and I'll get them before the end of the year. I'm very interested to see how their leather is. Couple other things; a wool beanie and some face masks from Lands' End, a tweed coat from Universal Works that I may have ordered the wrong size on, and some new fragrances to try out.
text:PSA: Revive by Rent the Runway via Thredup	labels:I find Thredup to be overpriced in general (almost full price for second hand Old Navy? Please. No.) The prices on Poshmark tend to be slightly more realistic or at least market driven.
text:General Discussion - December 02, 2020	labels:Spotify basically confirmed to me that I don’t have any taste in music. Apparently I listened to over 400 different genres. Listened to the same song 300 times in three days (I remember writing a 15000 word paper from scratch that week). I do tend to use music for its psychoactive properties more than anything else.  Fashion: my partner noted that most of the stuff I bought this summer looks like stuff they still own from 10 years ago. Checks out.
text:Favorite fashion impracticalities	labels:hats that don't cover my ears; they just look better, but then I have cold ears	episode_done:True
text:Suit Supply Review Times Two	labels:They offer a "from scratch" option on the website. Don't start from anything, have them measure you and make that jacket. They're being firmly lazy with you, you have to be firm and demand a good fit.  The store I walked into, the guy promised that their new "custom - from scratch" option included things like armhole size, shoulder slope etc. So that has to be the way to go.  Contact Black Lapel and see if they can do that. If not....  Where are you? Kent Wang MTM offers a *ton* of options, but it's NYC only. There's Spier and Mackay, Imparali... What's your budget, around $1200?
text:Pierre Cardin: French fashion giant dies aged 98	labels:God: “Yo, Pierre you wanna come up here?”
text:(Man) Repeller: A postmortem	labels:You can call her a despotic rich, white #girlboss if that fits your lens. The reality is it’s hers to do with what she chooses. Like many creatives,she was likely struggling with a loss of control due to the greed of others
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 24, 2020	labels:Hey hey—I bought two pairs of Uniqlo slim fit jeans, waist 35"—and they've both failed by fabric separation in the crotch. They were on sale, they used Kaihara denim, and were made in Bangladesh. My first thought is that fit is the probable culprit, because two pairs in a row is a lot. I've bulked up in the past few years and decided to fit waist to hips rather than actual waist, which probably explains the failure right there—although 35" jeans in other brands didn't have the same failure point, and took much longer to fail. (When I was thinner, I got a lot longer than 10 weeks out of a pair of Uniqlo jeans.)  (Disclosure: My hips are 34"; my waist is currently a mighty 42", 39" at full intake. I'm open to sizing there if anyone thinks it's possible for a denim waist not to migrate downward.)  What's my best option? Should I:  a.) size up 2-3 inches (to hips) to get a more accommodating fit, but still get slim-fit jeans  b.) size up 2-3 inches and abandon slim-fit jeans  c.) size up 2-3 inches and switch to jeans made in Japan, whether slim-fit or not, or  d.) size up to my full waist size and wear my jeans higher?  Losing weight isn't a bad option, either…but I'm not going to lose it overnight, and I'm fresh out of jeans without holes! (I'm going to have to re-stitch an old pair for now. 😅)	episode_done:True
text:All-time favorite cold weather pieces?	labels:Fellow SE U.S. winter-hater! Hello and my condolences. May we both survive until late March.   The DKNY super opaque tights were my going-out staple in the before times.  I've got thick legs and they do a great job not looking stretched to the breaking point. They held up really well too. While I generally hand wash, I know they got tossed in with cold wash a few times and they were A-OK.	episode_done:True
text:Sizing relationships between brands	labels:I'm tall ish 5'8 and I've found that Ann Taylor makes a good assortment that works with my height. Also old navy has been a good spot for tops/athletic wear
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- November 04	labels:Is it obsessive to get a jacket in another color?  I got this simple jacket from costco last year 20 bucks in a emerald green and it goes well with some of my outfits and eye color tbh.  This year the green was olvie but had a darker portion on the sleeves which looked sleek so i got it too.  I dont really need another jacket but is 20 bucks and i generally dont get everything in every color.  I guess I feel a bit guilty, cause i do have a lot of clothes but i have a closet that isn't even entirely filled so...  i feel like a few things it's okay as long as it isn't everything?  the greens are diff imo, quite diff but def both "green".
text:Which higher end brands do you find to be "worth it" and for what?	labels:Tillamook cheese... for the white cheddar.  Edit: Oops, did see which sub I was in... umm... I think Loft is good, clothes last and always seem well made. I like the skirts.
text:...i think you forgot to link the outfit lol	labels:	episode_done:True
text:i think angelino is ok but i am a transplant too   visvim, blue bottle, grand central is a pretty nice set up to enjoy life but lose all your money	labels:Currently on the "equity counts as saving" beat so it all works out	episode_done:True
text:Negative Self-Talk re: Fashion Choices	labels:Oof, I definitely know those thoughts. I'm sorry your brain is being a jerk right now. <3  Something I've had some success with (and YMMV) is to constantly remind myself that "Clothes are supposed to fit ME, I'm under no obligation to fit THEM." If a pair of pants doesn't fit me comfortably, then the problem is with the pants, not my body. Items of clothing are inanimate objects and I owe them nothing. It's far from a perfect system and I don't always succeed, but it does help sometimes.  On a more practical front, have you considered using a tailor? From the problems you describe it sounds like you've got more of a waist-to-hip/leg difference than most brands allow for, and if that's the case, it's actually something that a tailor can fix pretty easily (and often relatively cheaply.) You would just buy pants that fit your legs comfortably and get the waist taken in. Fair warning, though: once you've worn clothes that actually fit you the way they're supposed to you'll never be satisfied with ill-fitting pieces again.	episode_done:True
text:42 Fits: A Not-quite Capsule Wardrobe	labels:What everlane jeans are you rocking? They look great	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Fashion AITA	labels:I am fairly well-known in my community for my unique fashion sense, ropes of pearls, zebra-striped roadster, and two-tone hair. A woman I knew from my school days has a lot of spotted dogs. When I commented that they would make a beautiful coat, she became offended! AITA?   Edit to add: My husband is a furrier, if that helps your decision.  Edit again to add: I may also be a lot older than the woman with the spotted dogs and have a red and black roadster and no husband, depending.
text:I know “fashion” but people of minorities are always forced to try better. Some Insights	labels:Mixed person here. Whenever I go shopping/out on the town I feel like I have to be 100% on point outfit-wise or I get tons of negative attention. It’s wild having people be extra sweet/accommodating to me when I’m wearing a blazer/Americana vs gettin my ass followed around by security guards when I’m wearing a sweatshirt and J’s or a Punky outfit. Definitely feels like people cross the street to avoid me/strangers don’t treat me as nicely when I’m wearing less “nice” clothing too. Idk if this is really on topic or contributing a whole lot but I wanted to speak for mixed people too. This shit is real and it sucks.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 13, 2020	labels:local coffee, kenzo, new taylor, moisturized, unbothered and in my lane
text:I love Wong Kar Wai! One of the few directors that really makes me feel in a unique way, I've made everyone close to me watch fallen angels at least twice.. I don't know if you're a fan of the criterion collection but they just released a box set of his work! What were the new restorations?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Alexander Wang faces sexual assault allegations	labels:He’s a sexual predator hiding behind a party boy persona. And his clothes are basic.	episode_done:True
text:This is the reason I've recently come around on polo shirts, especially when paired with soft/casual tailoring. I used to think all polos were shitty synthetic blends with garish company logos and not much more, but then I discovered Italian knit polos and my opinion began to shift.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Top Down / Aerial / Crotch Shot WAYWT	labels:It’s Jared from Pied Piper!
text:How many pairs of jeans and pairs of shoes should you own?	labels:Women can have things they enjoy having without being concern trolled about how much they really need it.   I don't see men getting hassled for the amount of electronic waste their hobbies produce.   I doubt every fifth post in the Funko Pop subreddit is about curbing consumption and how they should be rethinking their involvement in a plastics based interest.   Personally, I think they're wasteful as shit, but I'm not about to roll up into their space and shame them for it.  I'm so over the handwringing, guilt, and joylessness about fashion in this sub sometimes.
text:2020 Christmas Gifts Thread	labels:A pair of vessi shoes and a sewing machine! I can't wait to get sewing	episode_done:True
text:What’s a piece you bought before the pandemic, but haven’t worn a single time since because the occasion has been cancelled/we have literally nowhere to go?	labels:A completely see through black billowy long sleeved dress shirt piece that I bought just for pictures for an upcoming trip to London/Paris. It was going to be a "for the gram" thing and then the world got cancelled. Still holding onto it in hopes of finding the perfect picture opportunity for it *one day*	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 07, 2020	labels:Does anyone know where i can find a cheaper alternative to the Saint Laurent Teddy jacket?   I've seen some nice alternatives around but many of them have leather sleeves or sleeves of a different colour which i know is classic but im not really into it. cheers	episode_done:True
text:clothes + art: random inspo	labels:V gorpy and crunchy and relaxed vibes. Very interesting! Dig the sculpture art stuff :)	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 15, 2021	labels:How much ankle should you show when it comes to chinos? The no break and slight break dichotomy is too strict and not flexible enough. Right now I am wearing my chinos half covering my ankles. Thought?
text:Skirts and dresses in winter - how to look good and be warm with a combo of boots, socks, tights?	labels:I live in the freezing north and I still wear skirts in the winter. Because I'm insane and like to look like I'm from the 1890s. (I wear fleece or thick cotton tights with long wool skirts.)  My personal thought is that the height of the shoes doesn't matter if it's wet out. I will just wear snow boots or rain boots if those are called for, and fuck the aesthetic.   If it's just dry but cold, my personal rule of thumb:  * Higher skirt = higher shaft, longer skirt = lower shaft. Basically, ankle boots with ankle-length skirts, knee-high boots or thigh-high boots with miniskirts. * I include a contrasting-color knee sock as "the shaft," so a knee-high boot with a miniskirt is equivalent to an ankle boot plus knee-high socks with a miniskirt. * I sometimes layer tights with knee socks/thigh-highs or just wear the socks alone, and if the socks are calling attention to themselves (either by color or pattern), I wear them with ankle boots to show off the socks.	episode_done:True
text:A warning for H&M Online Purchases	labels:Well people who enjoy shopping at H&M enjoy the prices. I don't think they invest much money on their online customer service aspect. If you want a better shopping experience online from H&M you will prob be paying more money for the cloths.
text:It was the most accurate feeling “near future” fashion I’ve ever seen on film (and some of the trends in the film seem to have actually already started happening). The “future” doesn’t necessarily mean neon and angular and *Her* nailed that.   The set and product design in the movie (like the wooden desktop computer casing in a few scenes) were spot on as well imo.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I bought these very popular aritzia melina leather pants..an inspo album and fit pictures	labels:Wow I love the look recreations, thank you so much for sharing!	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- November 03	labels:There’s a good deal on Bonobos Daily Grind suits right now, and I found one mostly in my dimensions that can be altered etc etc, but does anyone have any experience with these? Do they hold up? How’s the Tailored fit on them?	episode_done:True
text:Agreed. I’m 31 and I LOVE some of the current trends out there. I just style it a bit differently to fit the needs of my job/life and comfort level. I might focus on colour and material over cut, or get the cut in a less overt colour.   There’s only so much longer I can maintain abs. People can pull the crop tops out of my cold, dead, hands.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Does your language affect how you wear colors?	labels:I don’t think it holds much weight. It’s a cool theory, but I’ve been in enough language classes to see that it doesn’t have much impact. I think it matters more where you grew up. And that’s even from being in ASL classrooms where visuals are everything.	episode_done:True
text:Wolf vs Goat Fonzie Goes to India t-shirt Review and Fit	labels:I’ve been looking for the perfect white T-shirt for a while. It’s almost an obsession at this time.  Right now the only T-shirt that checks all the marks, except for price, is Velva Sheen.  Wolf vs Goat seems too gimmicky to enter the list as of yet I tried these brands:  Velva Sheen — perfect but too expensive. Not very soft but I don’t really mind it since it holds its shape/fit is the perfect thickness.  Everlane heavyweight cotton — good but too long.  Naked and famous — too long and expensive ($50)  Uniqlo Supima cotton — too thin, shows my nipples  Taylor stitch heavy weight — too thick for the summer  Taylor stitch hemp cotton blend — too thin, shows my nipples. Nice fit though   Random Amazon heavy weight cotton — too long and loose  Next one one on my list is Kuwalla because they have the same barrel stitching construction as Velva Sheen but much cheaper at roughly $25/tshirt, and it will likely be the last one before I bite the bullet and go full Velva sheen for my tshirts.  Edit:  Just noticed WvG is based in DC. Going to give them a try.
text:I never got on the mom jeans bandwagon to me they seemed both uncomfortable (no stretch) and unflattering. If a cut of jean even looked unflattering on the runway models probably not a good sign for the rest of us.	labels:Personally I find mom jeans way more comfortable than even stretchy skinny jeans. They don't need to have stretch because they aren't skintight.	episode_done:True
text:NYT: Jil Sander is back, with a new Uniqlo collaboration and a lot of opinions.	labels:Here in Denmark a lot of stuff was sold out two hours after launch online. Went to the store though, and they had everything. I was in love with the oversized parka from pictures but once I actually tried it on, I got a bit disappointed with it. It was too long IMO and overall had that same slightly childish/adolescent look that I also think the original Uniqlo hybrid parka has. I think pairing the oversized silhouette with a slightly cropped length could have made all the difference and made it s sweet piece. But it honestly is not that different from the original. The turtleneck however is awesome. It's way wider than uniqlos usual sweaters so it fits amazing. Uniqlos standard turtleneck is stupid slim	episode_done:True
text:I live on unique vintage and pinup girl clothing—	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 30, 2020	labels:<rant>  If I said "Wear cropped jackets so you look taller" I'd be laughed out of the room but somehow "Short people shouldn't wear long coats" is a valid thing?   Also what's defined as short? If someone is 5'7" do they get to wear long coats? What if they're 5'7.5"??  It also throws the idea out the window of the whole horizontal breaks thing that people complain about for cropped trousers or high-waisted pants. Suddenly you have a wonderful garment type that can give you long, **tall**, and elegant lines and it's impossible to wear.   People complain all the damn time about menswear being too "restrictive" and women's wear being more "exciting" but everyone is too much of a wimp to wear a ~ L O N G C O A T ~.  I fucking hate fashion "rules" and "guidelines" and literally everything having to do with the word "flattering". If you care so much about these gender norms, masculinity and being ~ flattering ~ then sack up and wear the clothes you like.   That whole thread is just people saying that someone else told them they couldn't *wear a coat* so what should they do? Oh idk. How about tell them to fuck off and wear the damn coat.  </rant>
text:What does your shoe wardrobe look like? What are your shoe essentials?	labels:I have:  A pair of Chacos Lowdown that I wear to work every day. With dresses. Which I never thought I would do in my life, but here we are.   Two pairs of running shoes.   One pair of Oxfords that I wear all the time in the fall/winter.   One pair of shoes with a slight heel.   One pair of heels.   One pair of black ankle boots.   One pair of duck boots for when it rains.   Is that all? I think that's all.	episode_done:True
text:Got some booze, probably watch a terrible film, might finish my infuriating Japanese puzzle.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I have a wristwatch with a fabric band and silicon cover to make it as quite at possible. It still bothers me, and I take it off asap, but I need it during the day :/	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Excercises for personal style	labels:I think there are some resources for this in the menu of this subreddit under “Finding a Style.”  One exercise I liked for me was looking through a big list of adjectives and choosing the top 5 or so that resonated with me. They were primarily style-related adjectives but a wide range, and even some that might seem repetitive but have different nuances. Words like classic, edgy, preppy, athletic, retro, witchy, librarian, minimal, colorful, artistic, etc. (One of my friends brainstormed a big list for a style workshop we did, but I don’t think I have it anymore.)
text:[Inspiration] Sculptural Jewelry	labels:This is so cool. Love the first ring and the floral stuff.   I love jewelry (and have some wacky pieces) but man I wish it wasn’t so fucking expensive for cool shit. An eyeball ring from The Great Frog has been on my grail list for like 4 years but I can’t bring myself to drop a stack on a ring, ya know?
text:Agreed House of CB is wonderful! Also thoroughly enjoy Aritzia's Ten by Babaton collection.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I've had similar experiences with wool turtlenecks, which is actually why I own a lot of turtleneck tees instead - they look almost the same as wool but are much less suffocating.	labels:did you have issues with turtleneck tee collars stretching too much?
text:Chore Coat Inspo Album	labels:What was that super popular blue one everyone was obsessed with about 5 years ago? I think it was more of a cloth material than canvas.	episode_done:True
text:Best White T-Shirts for Men 2021 - Wirecutter	labels:I cant be the only one who doesnt care what brand of white t shirts I wear. I only wear them as undershirts anyway.
text:I know it’s meme level to say that but they really did nail it, would love to have drinks with some of the costume department from that show  Edit: I know that the Sopranos and Mad Men had some of the same crew on it, is the Sopranos as well styled as Mad Men?	labels:Sopranos is well styled but it’s not as obviously classy. I think Tony is a style icon (my love for him led to my adopting camp/butterfly collars YEARS before they became trendy again), but he’s a fat balding out of touch mobster and his style reflects that.  Ymmv, it’s a more nuanced form of inspo than something like mad men or James Bond.	episode_done:True
text:How to shop ThredUp and avoid the junk?	labels:Personally I don't care that ThredUp gives me very little money because I see their clean out bags as an effortless way to give clothes I don't want a new purpose. I'll have a bag of clothes lying around forever so I can “take it to goodwill” or “sell them on poshmark” but I never do. ThredUp either sells my clothes to a new owner or recycles them and maybe I even get a couple bucks out of it.
text:World's Fashion Brands Leave Workers & Factories Unpaid, Amid COVID-19.	labels:Yoo that’s messed up	episode_done:True
text:Do you think fashion or style has age restrictions?	labels:I wear what I like because my personality and tastes are not dictated by others.	episode_done:True
text:What are your favourite ways to style a black leather moto jacket?	labels:My style is extremely girly/feminine/soft but I still love my black moto jackets. I have two: one sleek with minimal hardware and the other perfecto style with a belt. I like to wear them over girly dresses or a skirt/sweater combo, and wear sneakers or ballet flats to soften the look a bit more. Never with boots or jeans as I feel I’m not cool enough to pull that off, haha.	episode_done:True
text:You'll go full athleisure and you'll like it!	labels:>  Sweatpants are a sign of defeat. You lost control of your life so you bought some sweatpants.
text:I totally agree.  That is heresy.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 18, 2021	labels:Looking for higher rise pants similar to Levi’s 505 and dickies 874 in the same general price range	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 06, 2020	labels:I’m new here, what male fashion pages do you suggest to follow on Instagram?	episode_done:True
text:I did this on accident once and it's nice because it feels like a sexy outfit	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 15, 2020	labels:Anyone have any recommendations for some chunkier/thicker knit cotton sweaters? Somewhere between Uniqlo and Todd Snyder price/quality would be great.  I like to layer with sweaters, especially working from home nowadays, but I find chunkier wool sweaters to be just too warm sometimes.
text:Lot's of them are still selling on depop or ebay. Look for your local vintage stores or smaller labels.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Yeah totally agree. Recently I got one from a friend's closet cleanout that actually flatters my body, and I think it's because it's very flowy and loose so the size difference isn't an issue. Regardless I would never buy one without trying it on first because that's literally the only jumpsuit I've ever tried on that didn't awkwardly ride up my crotch and make me look like a toddler...	labels:I’m smaller on top and my favorite thing in the world right now are drop crotch jumpsuits, totally solves that problem. They’re sooo comfy, but can still be pretty chic imo	episode_done:True
text:Classic nostalgic workerism that misses the fact of the current century: the engineers of now are the lifeblood of the economy just as those engineers were then, and are just as much workers now  Also those guys back then had pension plans we’d probably kill for	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Zoocore Inspiration Album	labels:I love it. I love animal prints, prints featuring animals, and jungley botanicals. I'm wearing a H&M t-shirt with lemurs on it right now!	episode_done:True
text:Those Needles Track Pants	labels:Every good inspo album is essentially a KJ highlight reel with some filler
text:Naked and Famous Raw Denim Review/Fit/Experience	labels:I agree that their return policy is wack! I’m lucky enough to live in nyc so I just go to the actual store and tried on a bunch there. I still felt like a great fit was a little hard to find, since I bought a pair in store and they have stretched out much more than I expected. I think the quality is great though, and I look forward to seeing how they improve on their womenswear in the future.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 01, 2021	labels:Happy Friday! And, Happy New Year!   I woke up, worked out, took down Christmas decorations, vacuumed, and put away laundry all in ~5 hours and I regret it. 0/10 I do not recommend trying to be your most productive self the first day of the year.	episode_done:True
text:MFA Brand MegaReview: Zara | January 30, 2021	labels:# Inspiration	episode_done:True
text:What inspired your passion/love for fashion?	labels:As far as creating outfits for myself---I think it had to do being uncomfortable with my weight and skin (I had normal acne, but I scar really easily, so I have "shadows" of where pimples used to be years later...) and just never really feeling "pretty." So I'd try to put together outfits that maybe were interesting or looked polished, because I knew (or at least firmly believed) that **I** was/am not interesting and polished. I "knew" that no one would ever compliment or be attracted to me, so maybe I could trick them into noticing my outfit at least...I don't know. I think in a lot of ways I've come pretty far in this area, but I definitely still use clothes as a kind of armor almost. Like, don't repeat outfits and don't wear what other people have and don't do the expected combinations and all of that are hard habits to break, especially since I *do* get complimented/validated regarding clothing and not so much about my body, so I get caught in the mind trap of it all. It's gross and I'm still struggling a lot of days...  As far as fashion in general--I think watching Project Runway! It spurred me to find other fashion shows and documentaries and things of that nature. I love the creative minds behind the shows. I'm less interested in the final product, but just hearing how people, especially on a show like Project Runway, are inspired and (pardon the reference) make it work with so many limitations the show throws at them...it's so fascinating. I'm equally enthralled by cooking shows, where they have such knowledge and talent to do the seemingly impossible.	episode_done:True
text:Canada Post GOAT  My parents were scared Christmas presents wouldn't arrive in time, they sent them last week *regular parcel mail* and they arrived *the next day*	labels:Amazing how well a nationalized postal service can work when it isn't actively undermined by an entire political party.
text:What were your favorite menswear collections that showed in 2020?	labels:I loved the Casablanca collections that seem not getting a lot of attention on this sub	episode_done:True
text:The joy of cordovan—and how to wear and maintain it	labels:Any idea what split toe derby he is wearing? Doesn’t look like Alden with the metal eyelets and chunky sole but maybe it’s a special make up.	episode_done:True
text:Fellow clothing trackers, what coveted items are you tracking now?	labels:A Kate Spade grand piano purse I saw at Holt Renfrew back in 2011 when I was in undergrad... couldn’t afford it at the time and I’ve thought about it constantly since. I’m a classical pianist and it would have been the perfect black tie accessory... sigh.	episode_done:True
text:I’m also a pharmacist a got overly excited to see this haha! Going to look at her videos.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Do you guys default to a set of a few pieces even though you own a ton?	labels:Definitely. I think it's natural, depending on how much work from home you're doing, and what the dress code is at work is where you spend a lot of the time.  Regardless, owning a piece I love, sitting in my wardrobe, gives me joy. There comes a stage where that joy turns to sadness when I realize I haven't worn it for a year, and that's when I move it on. However most of the stuff I have I get some wear out of, and keeps the joy going. It's just a little bit more difficult with a toddler and wfh life.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 01, 2020	labels:I am thinking about buy a couple family members a pair of naked and famous denim for Christmas. No one in the family has had raw denim before, will the bleeding be really bad? Is it worth buying for not as fashion forward family members?
text:What’s a fashion rule you defy (dressing for your shape, weird color combos, interesting silhouettes etc) that you just love?	labels:Wearing the “wrong” type jewelry metal for your skin type/coloring. I wanna wear both, dammit!
text:Buying vs selling on resell websites	labels:What Poshmark has going for it is that Google will show items when someone searches. Mecari doesn’t have that. I prefer Poshmark for their customer service and typical clientele. Idk if one is easier than the other- Poshmark requires the most seller engagement whereas the others are “list it and forget it”.
text:Lol I went through this phase around that age too. I'm going to be 33 and wear whatever I want =) I did also try the capsule wardrobe 'timeless' clothing look. That didn't last too long!!!	labels:I'm going to be 75 and wear whatever the damn well I please.  Anyone comes near me with oldlady beige they can f right off.	episode_done:True
text:WAYWT - December 28, 2020	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Guessing you’re talking about the first pic, it’s a jean jacket from a brand called Rønning. They don’t sell it anymore, but I’m sure you could get one second hand!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Natural Fibres	labels:Surprisingly (for Americans) Gap has great cableknits in 100% cotton. As someone who is allergic to synthetics its a life saver in the winter. If anyone has recommendations for USA stuff i'd love you for forever
text:Sith-Wave/Jedi-Core: A Star Wars Inspo Album	labels:29 and 30 are the same people at two different time periods and you'll never convince me otherwise  (In all seriousness though, good album)	episode_done:True
text:How do comfort vs. style compare in what bottoms you wear?	labels:I mostly wear jeans/pants and I find them to be very comfortable personally. I'm honestly always a little surprised that they're so uncomfortable for most people. Most of my discomfort in skirts/dresses is mental (I just don't feel like me when I wear them).   I think if you enjoy wearing skirts you should keep wearing them, nothing wrong with that. If it's a seasonal thing maybe fleece stockings or something like that will allow you to wear them in the cooler months.
text:Call for Moderator Nominations & Applications	labels:Nominating /u/wuzpoppin
text:Lol I’ve heard that superstition too. My ex was Turkish and that’s what his mom said, so I assumed it was a Turkish thing.   But I don’t keep my bags on the ground, because the ground is nasty. Why people put their LV never fulls on the floor befuddles me.   My beautiful YSL leather bag that I saved up for months working hard: She pretty. She sits on the table or the designated purse chair.   I also moisturize my leather products once a month or so. I’ll clean them too if needed.   As far as clothes, it helps tremendously to hang dry, hand wash or machine wash on delicate cold.   Shoes: moisturizer every month. Take in to the cobbler once the season is over, store away in dust bags.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Alexander Wang faces sexual assault allegations	labels:Is this sub populated by teenage incels overnight?  Pro tip: if you come into a sexual assault thread doing your best white media personality impression talking about "cancel culture" no one is going to take you seriously, nor should they.  Two of the garbage accounts defending this dude coincidentally post in regressive racist subs.
text:General Discussion - October 23	labels:Stay at home order in force again.	episode_done:True
text:So what every IG influencer wants to be?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 27, 2020	labels:Hot take: speaking from experience, fetishistically optimizing the most basic of basics (e.g. "the best plain white t-shirt") for maximum imagined value is not a meaningful nor worthwhile exercise. Your wardrobe is not more interesting because your white tee is better than another white tee, and by the time you've found the 'perfect' piece either the prevailing trend or your own preferences will probably have changed.  'Perfect tee' threads are usually highly-upvoted, but the answers have drawn from the same pool for the last goddamn decade:  - *Vintage/workwear (generally heavier, boxier, shorter):* 3sixteen, Buzz Rickson's, Lady White Co. - *Streetwear (generally lighter, slimmer, longer):* Reigning Champ, wings + horns, John Elliott - *"Normal" (somewhere in the middle)*: Naked & Famous, Arket, American Apparel when they still existed - *Edgy goth shit:* Rick Owens mainline for lighter and DRKSHDW for heavier, Kazuyuki Kumagai Attachment, Voidthebrand when they still existed - *Budget*: Muji, Uniqlo, Everlane, Bella+Canvas, etc., but no one really cares  It's functionally a solved question. You can pick one from the applicable list for your style, and it'll be *fine.*
text:Buy/Sell/Trade - October 2020	labels:	episode_done:True
text:If you could describe your style in 3 words, what would it be?	labels:Literally Anything Oversized
text:General Discussion - December 16, 2020	labels:Roommate tested positive 2 weeks ago, tested negative twice a week apart, but just tested positive right before I was going to go home :/ Gonna be stuck alone in the house until after Christmas
text:If you're too lazy to cook, you can just do a "wine and cheese tasting".	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What’s your everyday purse?	labels:a soft leather crossbody I got for $5 at goodwill, against my mother's wishes lol. it's made of green, blue, and brown panels so she thought it was ugly, but I adore it. it has so many pockets! and matches almost any outfit	episode_done:True
text:Style rut: Pinterest vs reality	labels:Well you can get ideas from it, like what silhouettes or color schemes you like. Are there loose dresses or tight pants? Are they in pastel colors or in neons? You can then look for items that fit into that sort of style.  You can also see if any items frequently show up in your board. If, for example, you’re constantly seeing neutral colored cardigans or black boots, those are items you can actually go and buy.	episode_done:True
text:Is black tie comfort fashion a thing?	labels:Maybe try things with an empire waist? The silhouette is very vintage but not as restrictive as other styles.	episode_done:True
text:Do you have any pieces that "should not" work with your body that just seems to work?	labels:I’m 5 feet tall, and literally everyone tells me not to wear jumpsuits and they won’t look good on me, but nothing makes me feel more confident than rocking one of my ~many~ jumpsuits
text:Wow I discovered this whole red pill thing just now due to this comment and boy is that a dark hole of the internet	labels:Don't go too far down that hole . . . it only gets more disturbing.	episode_done:True
text:Teach me how to successfully shop secondhand please!! Or just commiserate if it’s hard for you too lol.	labels:A few tips that work for me in thrift stores: - I pick one section and don't feel like i have to check out the entire store.  - I go through racks and touch everything and stop when I touch something that feels like a nice fabric - silk, cashmere, good wool, crisp cotton. This helps me get to the nice stuff when the racks are visually overwhelming. - try on lots of things! Sometimes you fall in love with stuff you didn't expect to.   On websites that are searchable: - have a very specific item in mind or a specific brand you like - narrow the search results by size, brand, color, and fabric - pay attention to the measurements to see if things will fit - don't be afraid to make low offers on sites where you can do that  I find online thrifting very different than in-store thrifting, because online, you can search for all kinds of specific things, where in a store, most of the fun comes from finding something unexpected.
text:Hello, would you mind showing me your tea selection	labels:Twinning Assam, Early Grey and PG Tips	episode_done:True
text:What inspired your passion/love for fashion?	labels:I love this thread! I was homeschooled by religious, conservative parents for much of my childhood. For a brief period of time, I was only allowed to wear modest dresses, and the rest of the time, I dressed like a stereotypical homeschooler, because we were poor and I wasn’t allowed to wear much.   By the time I was in middle school and earning my own money babysitting, I started to dabble in thrifting. By the end of high school, when I went to public school and eventually had a full time job shortly after graduation, I really got into it. I spent so long learning to be okay with looking different from the status quo that I eventually really learned to embrace it. I’m thirty now, and I love standing out and wearing things that other people say they could never pull off. I also have a body that the fashion industry loves, so that part was easier for me to feel like “I fit in here” (to its discredit- I fully believe it should be inclusive and celebratory of every body).   Really, it’s been a place of refuse where I can feel belonging while still embracing my “weird kid” roots.	episode_done:True
text:What the fuck man, I’m so sorry	labels:All good. Shoulda known better to not walk around midtown at night. People are wack.
text:Changing your mindset from fast fashion to one of investment pieces. What did you learn?	labels:My experience with this is to upgrade pieces that I can use multiple times and that are essential. Purses, shoes, coats, jeans, sweaters. Then once those are in place then we move to smaller items — tops for each season, dress pants, etc. best of luck !	episode_done:True
text:I never got this one. Unless one or the other metal is just ugly on its own, I don't think mixing metals even looks weird, let alone bad. You can have a nice balance like with anything else multicolored.	labels:It also is weird if you’re engaged or married. Like “oh sorry my ring is silver guess I’ll give up gold for life.”
text:Down Jackets	labels:My top parkas are the Down Montagne Parka by Crescent Down Works and Battenwear’s Batten Down Parka. I’ve also owned a Canada Goose Langford and a North Face 800 fill goretex parka but they didn’t even compare.	episode_done:True
text:To be honest I don't know the difference either but googling shrugs just gave me the open front ones which I didn't intend to include in this album. Also I don't know the exact English term for this article so most photos are what I got when I searched "bolero top" in Korean.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Sizing relationships between brands	labels:Some websites (department stores, ASOS) have a true fit tool where you put in your measurements, body type, and well fitting item of clothing and that information is used to recommend sizing.   It’s also a good idea to know your measurements in general if you’re buying secondhand as many sellers will list the measurements of the garment.  But overall sizing can be so wild within one brand, much less across multiple that I dint think there’s much of a rule of thumb.
text:The MFA Fall 2020 Fit Battle	labels:*these fits are ridiculous, i dress better than all of you. i would have smoked you plebs in this fit battle if i chose to enter*  ~ people that have never posted a picture
text:It probably took 10-15 wears before the tightness went away. It wasn’t too bad though. I’ve had Stan smith’s that hurt way more for some reason... Thanks!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Top of WAYWT - September 2020	labels:I have that tanker jacket in #39, probably my favorite jacket ever. It's a Cold Weather, High Temperature Resistant CVC Jacket for anyone who is curious. Very warm yet flexible. I have 2!  You'll probably pay more if you just search for "Tanker Jacket", the listings under "Cold Weather High Temperature" tend to be cheaper	episode_done:True
text:DIY. Carry-on/weekender leather duffle bag	labels:Oh la la!	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 24, 2020	labels:Hey!  Looking for some recommendations for some slim fit swim trunks, with a 5 or 6 inch inseam. I am a big fan of the Onia Charles 5", but I feel like I have way too many of them and looking for anything similar.  Budget around $75 or less per shorts. I know not exactly full price for Onia, but I usually find them on sale.	episode_done:True
text:How high do you usually crop them? I’ve found some cute bike shorts I want to buy, but I’m not crazy about just biking in that and the sports bra they pair with.	labels:Not too cropped. I have a short torso so they usually are below my belly button.	episode_done:True
text:Women with ADHD & Sensory Processing Disorder: I need Clothing recs!	labels:This is a comforting thread despite talking about discomfort! My biggest thing that I .... just cannot do is anything that's all up in my armpits. Tight sleeves and/or excessive bunching of fabric.  So capped sleeves are a fuck no for me too.   Sleeveless tops are my staple. When I'm cold I put something like a large sweaters or jackets and oversized styles over them to avoid my armpits getting suffocated.  I have no tips because there are lots of options for this kind of thing. Oh wait, also sleep naked.	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: No-Nonsense Professional Stately Fantasy Princess	labels:I um, think this is my ideal aesthetic. The blazer with big puffy red sleeves? The dark green velvet pantsuit? The polka dots?! I'm in heaven.	episode_done:True
text:Daisy London jewellry is a little expensive, but has a good silver collection. I have silver hoops on that are delicate, but not overly simple as well.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Yes! We are people, not magazines!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do I know I’m not being scammed?	labels:I don't trust boutiques on insta, they always seem to be fake low quality stuff. Generally you can plug the items name into a google search and see how many variations come up. Or use the same descriptors they do. Reverse image search on chrome works too.	episode_done:True
text:Is it just me, or does it seem like the clothes being sold since the pandemic began have become very limited?	labels:Coronavirus is not an exclusively Western thing; Asian countries where textile sweatshops are located have also experienced deaths and lockdowns.
text:The slim black velvet hangers are great, but they’re kind of fragile in my experience. If you’re moving a lot they might not hold up very well. If you can afford to replace at least some of your hangers every time you move though, I would definitely go that route!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 10, 2020	labels:I wanted to buy some Adidas Gazelles but I'm unsure on the sizing. I have some Adidas BW Army's (size 10.5 US). How would the sizing compare?	episode_done:True
text:Recreating Pinterest outfits.	labels:I have a section on my clothing board called “Clothes I have”. When I see an outfit where I have roughly the same items, I save it to that board and forget all about it - until I need ideas for getting dressed one day and scroll through it. Staves off feeling like I need to buy something to recreate an outfit when I have 100+ outfits saved to the board!
text:I find that at least half of sunglasses I encounter are explicitly unisex, even when they're sorted by gender. Wear what looks good. I also find aviators fall on the oversized end of the spectrum fairly often (intentionally, I guess). I'm like you and prefer smaller frames.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I also had this problem and felt like I looked like  a garbage person at home 24/7, then I bought a cashmere tracksuit at reformation and now I am simultaneously the most comfy and most chic I’ve ever been.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:inspo album for city boys: popeye magazine	labels:I always find it interesting how Popeye take a classic item or style from one place and frame it or style it in a Japanese way. Usually looks good but when it’s a look that comes from the same country as me it can be pretty hit or miss. They did a football (soccer) style sample with English football shirts and scarves and just looked ridiculous to me. Sometimes the same with Barbour and how it evokes the country/ shooting crowd on the UK.   Anyway, not sure where that came from, but great inspo man!	episode_done:True
text:Jiyong Kim CSM/2020	labels:Dang this stuff is sick, thanks for sharing!	episode_done:True
text:Discussion: Clay Jewelry?	labels:I love / hate them.  They can be so beautiful, but so so so fragile.  I just recently purchased two pairs of clay earrings from a local ceramic artist at our farmers market, however, I’ve already dropped and shattered one of them already.  Every clay set of jewelry (earrings and pendant necklace) I’ve ever owned has eventually broken - baring this last set of yellow earrings I’m now handling with extreme care.  They are beautiful and I’ll probably buy more because I love this girl’s work, but I just have to know going into it that this is not something I’ll most likely be able to keep forever and pass on, so I keep that in mind regarding price when purchasing them.	episode_done:True
text:But Kanye hates color so the fashion houses must listen to him! </s>	labels:I like neutrals, but my skin is basically already oatmeal/light beige, so those colors make me feel weirdly frumpy and yet naked at the same time.
text:What did your mom teach you about fashion/style - and what did she not teach you?	labels:If I picture my mom's typical winter outfit it was a sweater with snakes wearing sombreros and margaritas embroidered on it, a burgundy "sweater jacket" with fringe, and a pink/orange/green bucket purse.*  So I guess she taught me "fuck it, wear what you want", but it did take me a while to adopt that attitude.   *tbf, this was a look for moms in the 90s
text:How do you find your true style when you're surrounded by fast fashion?	labels:What makes you feel like you look amazing? What garments give you a confidence boost just putting them on? Conversely, what makes you feel like a dork?  Figure that out first. Don't worry about any influences or whether something is in style. How does it make you feel?	episode_done:True
text:I didn’t know I needed to hear this!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I voted for you because the other guy just looks homeless	labels:I swear these fucking vagrants man, I tell ya it didn’t used to be this way back in my time.
text:What are your tips for being stylish when your weight fluctuates like crazy?	labels:Wrap dresses and wrap skirts tend to be flexible with size fluctuations. I don’t know if the same wrap skirt can take you from a size 4 to 14 but they’ll fit longer than other styles do.
text:What’s your opinion on (modern) 90s-inspired fashion?	labels:I'm waiting until we get to the part of the baggy jeans trend when people learn about the ripped, soggy backs of their pant legs that come from the jeans dragging on the ground. Enough of that this time around and the trend will cycle to something else.  signed,  someone who dealt with many, many ripped jean legs.
text:Bolero album because it's here whether you like it or not	labels:I thought these were shrugs? Is there a difference? I personally love what ever it is because my arms are always cold but it’s too warm for a full jacket.
text:General Discussion - October 27	labels:I think early MFA and the attendant blogosphere it spawned / belonged to / helped popularise is partially to blame for the whole "timeless" nonsense.  We've come a long way from "well dressed men wear suits" to "actually shirts and blazers can be dressed down" to "actually you can wear what you want and look good", and maybe the whole "timeless", "dapper", "classic", "gentleman" thing was a necessary part of the journey, but... would it just fucking die please.
text:What fashion trend/s have you been obsessed with lately?	labels:Looking like a comfortable bog witch.	episode_done:True
text:Sewing your own clothes	labels:Having basic sewing skills to repair or slightly modify existing clothes is a fundamental skill most people should have and is absolutely worth the time. Novice tailoring is a great skill to have too and can save you some money. Beyond that, sewing clothes from scratch is more of a hobby than a necessity for most people, due to the widely available nature of inexpensive and functional clothing. So like most hobbies, whether or not it is "worth the time" (and cost! Sewing is expensive and it's frequently cheaper to just buy an item unless you're looking for a custom fit or something super unique) is more dependent on your enjoyment of the activity than it is on more "functional" motivators like cost-savings.
text:So uh, what’s the trends for fall this year?	labels:This might be totally wrong but I have a feeling that face masks are gonna be big this season.
text:Is Money Important for Style? - The Style and Direction Podcast	labels:Money can buy nice clothes, but money doesn’t buy taste.
text:Andrew Marc New York Leather Jackets -- exploring the different "grades" of this brand	labels:What is Andrew Marc quality comparable to?
text:The White Issue: Has Anna Wintour’s Diversity Push Come Too Late?	labels:> From Manhattan to Hollywood and beyond, she has helped set a standard that has favored white, Eurocentric notions of beauty.  This is key. Anna Wintour is possibly the person most responsible for the anorexic white woman stereotype of a model.
text:Your Go-To Tee Is Actually a Turtleneck	labels:I hate them, they're so 70s.
text:Ooh I love this distinction. My realistic style these days is leggings and a tank top, maybe a scarf or cardigan if I have to turn my zoom camera on... but in my mind I’m still an avant-garde rave-goth faux gangster with impractical shoes!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Brands that no longer live up to their name or quality	labels:kind of all of them? It seems like you have to pay pretty steep prices now to get the quality of clothes that mid-price mall brands had in the 1990s and early 2000s. It seems that most stores have switched to a model of selling poor quality pieces at huge markups with the expectation that they will sell most of the stock at clearance prices. The GAP used to have quality staples, and J Crew was "fancy." Now GAP is really the same quality as Old Navy, and don't know what J Crew is anymore. The quality has certainly dropped, but I also don't get what is up with the designs since you can't even get a reasonable women's suit there these days. Madewell is not made well. Anthropologie used to sell unique pieces with really good construction, now it's roughly the same as other fast fashion, though I do appreciate that they added petite and plus sizing and carry some high end brands too. Levi's main line is terrible now, and to get the heritage quality, you need to get the Made and Crafted line, which is really expensive!  I mostly shop secondhand because I can't afford the stuff I like. When buying new, I try to wait for sales and avoid buying anything "final sale" or with complicated returns unless I know it will work. Clothes that I used to get at Anthropologie, I now get from Sezane, Ulla Johnson, Doen, and Samantha Pleet. I started buying vintage jeans over Madewell/Levi's or expensive craft brands—my 1980s Chic and Gitano jeans were probably sold at K-Mart/Target but are better quality than anything I have gotten from Madewell. I don't wear jeans/denim enough to justify craft denim prices. Patagonia is still very high quality technical wear; I just scope out the Tyler sport outlet and secondhand for deals. Shoes are hard because I don't like to get them secondhand. I switched from Adidas to Veja and Diemme for sneakers (you can find Diemme shoes for huge markdowns on Yoox during the winter and summer sales—I don't think they are worth retail price).
text:WEAR IT! I wear mine for zoom calls. I’ve started getting dressed too. I feel so much better.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Arc'teryx Radsten Parka (2020) Review	labels:Nice review! I often discuss the brand with some clients in my store, especially when they wear it, as I carry Norwegian Rain. On a few technical levels they're closely matched although I feel Norwegian Rain has the slight upper hand, but very different style. Appreciating the Arc'teryx brand very much btw, thanks for the shared info here!
text:[Inspiration] Florals are such a mood	labels:Imgur album works now.   I love the dark, bold florals!! Stunning inspo album!	episode_done:True
text:I want to eliminate the need for dry cleaning my work wardrobe. Sadly, anything nice seems incompatible with machine wash. What long lasting, work pieces have been easiest for you to maintain?	labels:When I worked in a bank (the most formal setting I've worked in), New York and Company was my staple (their quality has since gone way downhill sadly).  Their dress pants were machine washable and I would typically wear a shirt/cardigan combo.  Their dresses and skirts are also machine washable.    Now I WFH and I could wear PJ pants (or no pants) as long as I look okay on Zoom.  With a few exceptions, my industry is super casual.	episode_done:True
text:Is the high fashion industry a little tone-deaf for F/W 2020?	labels:Why would it be tonedeaf? This is kind of a U.S.-centric view. Not everyone in the world is still struggling with COVID, and a lot of the rest of the world isn't nearly as casual as America is, fashion-wise.   Call me crazy, but I'm tired of shapeless billowy clothing in earth tones, and I am READY for some structure and interesting textures. All summer has been about beige and washed out green and brown linen, let's see something else.   Plus, it's a weird take anyway, because high fashion doesn't really target loungewear, either way. Do we really expect major fashion houses to all abandon blazers and leather pants and start showing PJs and sweatpants on the runway?   Others have already pointed out that these collections have been designed months in advance, but consider another point - fashion has always been reactive. When forced to stay inside and only wear sweatpants for 6 months, people will rebel and start daydreaming and longing for the opposite. This pandemic was always going to inspire a sort of glam rock aesthetic, imo. BRING IT.
text:Does change in climate = change in style?	labels:I moved from a tropical climate to a place with seasons and my style totally changed! Now I loveeee dressing up for colder weather (even though I hate the cold) and have neglected my summer style.  I think my style before was really based on the culture of where I lived - super beachy and low effort. Moving to a bigger city helped me develop my own style.	episode_done:True
text:How A Trouser Should Fit – The Armoury	labels:Mark may have sold me on the pleats. Perfect timing too - I was just about to place an iTailor order for some linen trousers.  I am a little bigger now after a year of quarantine and was afraid pleats would accentuate that aspect.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 24, 2020	labels:Where to buy an engagement ring box? I want a box that can house our engagement ring for possibly generations :) any suggestions are appreciated
text:Do you follow the conventional rules around "flattering your figure?"	labels:I've written about this before, but as someone who is 5'2 on a good day, I have stopped giving a shit about looking "longer and leaner."  In fact, I reject the idea that I should want to look taller. Maybe all those 5'7 women should be taking advice on how to make their legs look as stubby as mine. <--Obviously a joke but to make a point. How stupid is it that I should feel like my natural body is something to correct?  I'm an old woman, lol, and over the course of my life I have never found that my stubby legs (that I was once self-conscious about) have kept me from career advancement or from finding people who thought I was beautiful and wanted to have sex with me, so what's the freaking problem?  Fuck conventional figure flattery.  That being said, of course there are things I think look better on me than other things and I tend to wear the things I think look better in ways I think look better most of the time.  Except when the comfort or beauty of a garment is so outstanding it overrules that.  Thanks for coming to my TED talk.  There are cookies on the table in the back.
text:Who are your favorite fashion influencers on Youtube?	labels:Id add Daria Andronescu, Emily Wheatley, Clothed in Abundance, Lauren Messiah, and A Small Wardrobe.  For more of a fashion business angle, Zoe Hong and the Fashion Archive .	episode_done:True
text:From 'Doctor Who' to 'Outlander': How Fans Craft Reverse Engineer Knits	labels:That was actually a fun read. Wish there more examples. Thanks for sharing!
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 23, 2020	labels:**I trust you. Please tell me exactly what to get, from bottom to top.**  I'm a 23 y.o. student at Zurich,  Switzerland. I've always dressed kind of decently, but always felt like I  had no style. (no accessories, no colors, outfits matching in color but  not style)  Whenever I try to work on this I get overwhelmed and my brain shuts down, so now I come to you.  I am 1m82, average build, unkempt hair that is a bit longer than average, slightly feminine facial features.  Stores  that I can afford in Zurich are: H&M, Jack & jones and others  in the same price range. Black Friday is coming so that might give some  flexibility.  I don't know what  style I exactly want, but I know that I don't want something too  "clean". I want something memorable, somehow cool, but not too much  either. A necklace and bracelets would be nice too.  Sorry for potential grammatical mistakes, and thank you very much for your help in advance!	episode_done:True
text:Do you have example of brands that are for you a staple? I'm from Canada, it might not be available but who knows !	labels:Aritzia and lululemon quality is amazing and there is so many pieces on posh and fb marketplace	episode_done:True
text:Dressing larger bodies - without looking sloppy	labels:Do you watch This Is Us? I feel like Kate always looks very nice!	episode_done:True
text:If you wear shoes with no socks you will LITERALLY DIE	labels:	episode_done:True
text:And you will get what 50 Euros will buy you.	labels:Yes, they will get me a good backpack that meets my needs. How good can a college bag be that it justifies a $320 price tag? I dont want to take it to space or explore the South Pole with it. What do you want to do with it that makes you think "I totally need this".
text:Is Yesstyle a good website to buy clothes from	labels:Short answer: No.  Long answer: Nooooooooooo.	episode_done:True
text:I'm 100% behind you. At work, we worked one day out of five again after the first lockdown (until Lockdown 2: Electric Boogaloo here in NL) and suddenly everyone started to dress fancy? Dresses with lace, three piece suits, sometimes even hats. Maybe it's just my office but I'm into it	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Can we talk sleepwear?	labels:Satin or silk pyjama sets with long/short sleeves and long pants. I buy them in solid, neutral colours. Sometimes I wear my pyjama top for zoom meetings and it looked like a work shirt.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 12, 2021	labels:Hot take: *Queen's Gambit* is good.
text:### Corduroy Pants	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I treated myself to a Serpenti scarf for my birthday a few days ago, and I'm desperate for a Serpenti bag (or two... or five) They're so beautiful!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Hair accessories - professional or should be saved for casual environments?	labels:My hair has been white for a long time, and I worked as an educator. I wore and still wear all kinds of fun scrunchies, pony tail holders, barrettes, clips etc, in complimentary colors (but not matching ) to my outfits. Students always enjoy comparing notes! In a corporate setting hair accessories probably need to be used more sparingly, depending on the job.	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Black Like Your Soul (and wardrobe) Friday	labels:For 364 other days of the year I only purchase secondhand from ethically produced brands. Not because I am better than you (but I am), it is to atone for my sins: Black Friday.   It’s Purge day, mothafuckas.    The one day I can let blatant consumerism release my inner bloodlust and relinquish all inhibitions to get the last boxy crop top sweater in the scrap. To combine those old self defense Tae Kwan Do moves and Rollerderby bodychecks so I can grab a purse so small that I can only fit 2 rolled up dollar bills in them.  Both items will then sit proudly in the back of my closet with the tags on them until I Marie Kondo that shit, because winter exists and I actually need to carry around more than coke utensils.
text:Do you: 1) keep all of your wardrobe equally diverse, or 2) keep all of your wardrobe minimal, or 3) keep some pieces relatively similar while diversifying others?	labels:I keep most of my wardrobe relatively similar.  My work outfit is one of five pairs of pants, a button down, or a tee with a blazer.  My weekend uniform is athletic wear or jeans with a tank or tee in one of like five colors.  Mostly everything is black, gray, white, light blue, navy, with some camel and tomato red.  Only dresses really deviate here.    I play with shoes, makeup, and sunglasses to mix up my basic wardrobe.  And my bikini collection is relatively extensive, I have more bikinis than pairs of pants.	episode_done:True
text:Cold weather friendly skirts and dresses	labels:Shorts under a skirt go a long way to keeping you warm. I cut off a pair of lightweight long underwear (cuddleduds but the brand doesn’t matter) and with boots basically just your knees are exposed.  I’m always wearing tights so I guess there’s one layer on my knees. If I’m not wearing boots I wear leg warmers while I’m outside.	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Albums: Quirky Professor/Librarian, Edgy Bohemian, and Governess Chic	labels:Quirky Professor describes my style so accurately!	episode_done:True
text:It is "ALL HAIL STEM"	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What female TV characters do you think are well-styled and worthy of imitation?	labels:Both Tahani and Eleanor in The Good Place.
text:RemindMe! 1 day	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Anyone else feeling incredibly disconnected from the 'fashion world'?	labels:I've never been interested in anything home related (to the point where I will likely never own a home, by choice) as I spent every weekend of my childhood on some home project.  Enough is enough!  While I'm now WFH (so what I wear does not matter) I've noticed that fashion as of late is simply butt ugly.  The oversized boxy neutral aesthetic is just blah to me.  THe last time I really liked some of the trends was around 2014-16 when things like skater dresses/skirts (you know things that actually had a shape to them that was not a paper bag).    Now the trends remind me of that scene in The Little Mermaid when Ariel first becomes a human and they dress her up in an old beige sail and make it fashion.	episode_done:True
text:Totally.  To me, Gen Z is a lot of clothing that isn’t work appropriate but super fun. A lot of crop tops, bra tops, spaghetti straps, usually some tummy showing, and then some baggy pants. Lots of thrifting and also cheap fast fashion. Doc Martens and other platform shoes. Very 90s/early 2000s. Long acrylic nails, false lashes. Really fun and can be a really “hot but trashy” style   Millennial fashion is more professional/better quality/structured. Linens, trousers, heels, sandals, etc. Frankly I think it has to do with millennials having more money. Low key hair, nails and makeup. Neutral colours and patterns. It’s a more mature style   I’m 25 so I get to do both 😎 woohoo	labels:Yeah I’m right in the cusp too and I just mix the two together  I wear platform docs constantly (in part because new motorcycle and I’m vibin with it), but make it work with more professional looking pieces, high waisted jeans without rips, blazers, belts. I try to keep colors and unique prints in my outfits whenever possible though, without sacrificing professionalism too much  If I’m going out clubbing and it’s warm and not a pandemic though? I’m all out with the crop tops, mini skirts, spaghetti straps, or whatever else though.	episode_done:True
text:Reigning Champ Hoodie: 2 months later	labels:I have a pair of Tiger Fleece sweatpants I've had for 3-5 years. Other than a little snag that was on me, they're basically the same as new. Bought a new pair this year during WFH.	episode_done:True
text:How many clothes do you have? (Really?)	labels:I think the size of your wardrobe is going to depend on your climate, job, hobbies, and general lifestyle. I have a lot more clothing than that. I also live in a place with four seasons. I have outdoorsy hobbies that require some tougher clothes. I can‘t wear my casual clothing to work (and I’m also holding onto some more professional clothing from a past job in case I return to that field). I don’t have a lot of disposable income either, so I always keep things like dress pants even though I never wear them in my everyday, because I can’t afford to go shopping when interviews and funerals come up.  For instance, I probably have at least 15 dresses alone, once you count all the strappy sundresses, nice work dresses, wool sweater dresses, the cocktail dresses, and the evening gown that’s in the back of my closet - and everything in between.  I swap out my clothing with the seasons and have one closet that I share with my husband, so I try to be judicious about what I keep, while giving myself grace that I don’t need to get rid of something just because I don’t wear it regularly.
text:General Discussion - December 12, 2020	labels:"[visually] small muscles = unfit" and "what good is it being able to run for hours if you're slow and can't outrun anything" have really made me laugh today.
text:I want to eliminate the need for dry cleaning my work wardrobe. Sadly, anything nice seems incompatible with machine wash. What long lasting, work pieces have been easiest for you to maintain?	labels:I WFH permanently now, but when I worked in an office I wasn't able to escape dry-clean-only clothing; there are some things that just need to be dry cleaned. However, I used Dryel to great effect (awesome for things that aren't stained or stinky and don't really need to be pressed). I will also say, many many clothing items that say "dry clean only" can be washed either by hand, or in the machine on a delicate setting with wool wash or other gentle low-suds detergent. (My dry cleaner, of all people, actually advised me to start washing my cashmere sweaters rather than bringing them in for cleaning - she said dry cleaning dries out and breaks down the fibers and washing them at home would help them last longer. I am still wearing my cashmere sweaters and so far, she's been correct.) If something is very structured or has an acetate lining I never try to wash it, but I have washed other things that were poly blends or wool blends and were marked "dry clean only," and as long as you hang them up to dry, it works fine.
text:General Discussion - November 12, 2020	labels:Y'all ever have brands that you really admire conceptually and aesthetically, but you just can't imagine integrating into actually WEARING them? I've been looking back at Hamcus and I love the concept of designing clothing around scifi worldbuilding, but it's REALLY hard imagining myself wearing basically anything they produce.
text:How do I feel more comfortable "dressing up"?	labels:Try to see things from their perspective. *You* know that this is your real sense of style, and you have liked these clothes for a long time, but to your friends and family, you are a person that wears a t-shirt and jeans. So when you wear a skirt, that's very different and out of character for you. You just need to grind through the first few times, and then they will expect you to dress like that and they won't say anything.  And yes, "because I felt like it" is a good enough answer. Did someone tell you it wasn't? They're wrong.
text:I haven’t shopped at Lululemon in years (seriously, probably 8 yrs) & I always loved the brand, but fell off the athleisure train.  I went online to order a pair of high rise, plain black, full length leggings hopefully slimming & the product ratings were just so bad that it surprised me and deterred me!  Do you have a specific style that you recommend?!	labels:Not OP but I highly recommend the Aligns. I scoffed for years at the price but since getting a pair as a gift last year I now have 3 pairs. I also have a wide variety of Amazon, Target, Old Navy, etc and find the Lulus are the best quality.
text:I love your answer very much. I think it’s everything I needed to hear for myself.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Why I’ve tracked every single piece of clothing I’ve worn for three years	labels:Who in the fuck needs 55 undershirts at one time?! I feel like I'm bordering on excessive at only 10.
text:I liked the collection and managed to get a couple of things, but definitely not fighting the crowd during COVID or lining up for hours for it.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Have your clothing purchases dramatically dropped now that we can't go anywhere?	labels:Absolutely! My state has been in lockdown for most of the year, so there's really no need for me to dress up anymore. So far I've only purchased 5 clothing items this year,something I'm really proud of!	episode_done:True
text:Thoughts on Shein?	labels:Don’t buy from there if you want clothes that last any longer than 4 months. It’s terrible for the environment and they have child labor as the reason they’re so cheap.  That being said, I know it’s a puller because a lot of people cannot afford the cost of clothes that are visually high fashion and shien is appealing for it’s low price. If you can afford to buy better and more expensive clothing, do so. It’s worth the price in the long run, and you won’t be helping this scummy company.  If you cannot afford higher, then I understand buying from shien, but recognize that they are a terrible company and see if you can find any good thrift stores or online resellers that may be around the same price range for a much more ethical choice.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - February 14, 2021	labels:Any recommendations for a pair of shoes that I can wear with shorts? I usually wear some sort of boots with a pair of jeans and hiking boots or sneakers with shorts, but I'm looking for something like those but that looks better that I can wear with shorts. Hope that makes sense. Any suggestions? Thanks.	episode_done:True
text:Overhauling my wardrobe with lasting pieces	labels:I would generally be cautious of "cut out the middle-man" or "luxury without the logo" companies - I'm sure some of them exist that make genuinely good products but there's a lot of them that don't come anywhere near the quality. It's often just another sales pitch.  I'd also be cautious with trying to buy a new wardrobe all at once, especially with the goal of everything in it lasting a long time, as tastes and bodies both change. If you happen to stay in the same place aesthetically and physically for the next ten years, more power to you, but having been here a while I'd say that kind of thing is rare.
text:ikr these dudes giving me fomo	labels:What if you were to post Dinseyworld shirts and cum stained basketball shorts but as a joke haha  unless... 😳😳😳
text:What are your fiction and or nonfiction plans and outfits? What are the things you want to wear just to wear?	labels:I have a flaming red lace bodycon dress that is too sultry to wear to any professional or family holiday gathering, so it has stayed untouched in my closet for years. This year, spending the holidays at home, is the perfect year to wear it! First Christmas as married people and no one to see it but me, husband, and the dogs!	episode_done:True
text:I am really interested in streetwear (jeans, coats, sweatpants, vests, sweaters, knits, and corduroy). I would say that my budget is $200 CAN	labels:In total? You'd be well served looking in thrift stores or in ebay in that case.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 14, 2020	labels:Well oh well, first thing on the checklist is almost accomplished: congress no longer has the minimum vote % to move forward their bill to change our constitutional tribunal   Protests do work  Even with police brutality increasing day by day, people continue to protest
text:Down Jackets	labels:Maybe not the MOST stylish brand for some but, I've really liked my Feathered Friends Eos down jacket. I mostly use it for winters in Montana where it can reliably be in the negatives on my way to work. Couple mornings we were like second coldest on earth that night at -30F or so. But this thing is crazy warm and extremely light. It's 10.6 oz with 3.7 oz 900+ fill SUPER lofty Canadian down. Premium stuff. They also have other more robust expedition jackets and parkas. Again maybe more of a tech piece than a "flex on 'em" type jacket but I think it looks as good as any Patagonia down jacket. Also gotta add, these guys are the best in terms of their ethics and sustainable practices. They were one of the first adopters of the Responsible Down Standard which ensures the down isn't live plucked and is humanely sourced. And they are made in Seattle, WA (and Vancouver, B.C. now) since '72. Not a paid advertisement lol, just really dig these guys.  \*They also have bedding, pillows, and more famously sleeping bags that are top notch.	episode_done:True
text:Naked and Famous Raw Denim Review/Fit/Experience	labels:I'm very similar to your measurements so this was interesting to see.  The fit on the second pair isn't bad, but I agree if it were me I'd probably return or try a different size if I could.  My guess is that maybe a size up and then taken it at the waist would be better, but hard to tell for sure.  I don't think they are doing any more for you than the jeans you currently wear.  The first pair seems overall cut like a mens jean.	episode_done:True
text:I’m convinced most people use it as a means of justifying a lack of confidence in wearing something as a genuine reason  Also, I fucking feel this  >People complain all the damn time about menswear being too "restrictive" and women's wear being more "exciting" but everyone is too much of a wimp to wear a ~ L O N G C O A T ~.  Like, damn dude maybe if you think menswear is so boring you should stop wearing things other than grey sweatshirts and darkwash jeans every day, like, there’s so much incredibly interesting stuff in menswear, “menswear is boring” is really babies first take, go wear some Dries dude  Edit: I know I’ve commented on this before but I’m also pretty firmly of the opinion that any “tricks” to make you look taller are so well known that you’re probably more likely to have someone notice those than a long coat	labels:> I know I’ve commented on this before but I’m also pretty firmly of the opinion that any “tricks” to make you look taller are so well known that you’re probably more likely to have someone notice those than a long coat  Plus those tricks only work (if at all) when taking photos without something else in the image for scale.  Once you go outside and stand next to someone taller than you, these tricks are meaningless so ultimately they're a waste of time.  To paraphrase wuz (I think)... "You know what else makes you look short? Being short."	episode_done:True
text:I had this coworker. She was Ukrainian and looked amazing every day. Told me I was so pretty but why were my nails bare? Hair not done? Clothes all black? You are a WOMAN, she said.   She always seemed so impressed by each individual change that I kept going. Weekly manicures, nonblack clothing (I discovered that I look great in red!), tasteful makeup. People around the office were gossiping that I was trying to find a man. "No, a man is looking for HER!", she told them.   Then suddenly she disappeared. Quit over the phone and changed her number. I like to think she was an angel in a very impressionable time for me, but I think she might have just had issues with her work visa.	labels:I definitely used to work with a very opinionated korean woman who had a similar role in my life. "Your skirt is a size to big." "Why aren't you doing in your eyebrows?" "Paint your toenails is you're gonna wear an open toed shoes." I was new to fashion and fashion retail. At the time her remarks kinda stung, but I would make the fix and always felt more confident once I did	episode_done:True
text:What age do you think you're too old to follow teenage-type style trends (ie e-girl style etc)? Or are you ever, why/why not?	labels:I’ve been through these looks a couple of times already in their earlier incarnations as punk and scene, so I’m likely to pass on a full-on e-girl array.  But maybe will dig out some schoolgirl skirts and oversized graphic tees and leg warmers  from the basement and see if I can integrate them into my 56-year-old casual tomboy look. 🤔	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - February 13, 2021	labels:What are the best websites to get indie/alternative/grunge style clothing?
text:Could be worse, you could be in the top .5% of Mac Demarco listeners. ... ... /u/dylanloughheed	labels:Nothing but pain	episode_done:True
text:Dress Sneakers Are Alarmingly Popular	labels:Dress sneakers never look good for the intent that the wearer is going for and this is the hill I'm willing to die on.
text:Permanent Style - The Cold-Colour Capsule	labels:See, I'm confused. In what sense are blues not the coolest colors? Why does this guide almost entirely exclude navy? In what sense are brown, black, grey and cream cold?
text:General Discussion - December 03, 2020	labels:My partner said I drop more albums than Viper and I don't know what to do with that information
text:give me a reason: inspo from multiple sources	labels:Art from 14? I neeeeed it	episode_done:True
text:Knee-high boots, classy heels, or trendy sneakers?	labels:I live in long boots!! They keep me warm when I walk to class in the winter so they are part of my uniform lol	episode_done:True
text:shipping is like 20. No duty between US and Uk, I think.	labels:This is false, at least on goods coming from the US and being imported to the UK. Not sure on the other way around but I would assume there is some sort of tax.
text:Do they ship to Canada?   There's not much shipping info on their site.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The best plain t-shirt video guide — 11 t-shirts bought and tested	labels:Very solid info and testing here.  I haven't done nearly as extensive testing, and what now with Brexit import fees I'm unsure of total availability, but I really like Selected Holme's T-shirts. A bit more expensive than Uniqlo, but I feel like they're a better fit than how boxy Uniqlo has become.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 16, 2021	labels:Hey guys. I'll be posting the "How do I style this" thread again tomorrow. Can't believe it's already been a month.  Get your weird jawnz and regretted impulse buys ready.
text:Does anyone else feel that nothing is unfashionable nowadays?	labels:The present always feels “neutral”. I think if you watch any reality show from the early 2010s, even as late as 2014-15, you’ll see a big difference from what was considered “no defining silhouette” then. things like just a tshirt change slightly in cut and shape over time.
text:2020 Wardrobe Data Analysis	labels:I'm making it my mission to finally categorize everything this winter break, this is wonderful, thank you for inspiring me ☺️	episode_done:True
text:Favorite brands for cocktail dresses?	labels:I always loved BCBG but now that they don't have stores anymore I haven't bought from there in ages :(	episode_done:True
text:Black > navy, don't @ me	labels:@ you
text:What's an "outdated" item you still love and wear although the style has fallen out of fashion?	labels:Seems like high waisted skinnies are out, but still the most flattering thing on me..so not gonna stop with them.
text:Does anyone else use a “formula” to create their outfits?	labels:not at all lol but it’s great if you found something that works for you   i however am chaos incarnate	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 28, 2020	labels:Recently finished my MBA, still on the job hunt for capital markets finance roles.  Just wanted to post that networking is going exceedingly well, right as some openings are coming up. Really think that one of these leads is going to pan out in the next few weeks.  Don't really have anyone to share small victories without sounding like an asshole, so anonymous Reddit post it is.
text:Who are your favorite fashion influencers on Youtube?	labels:Taylor Made Style is also really, really good. She has such flawless style that feels very modern, very 2020 and yet the majority of her clothes come from the thrift store.	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone have tips on how to find good stuff from Poshmark and other online thrift shopping platforms?	labels:I shop a lot on Poshmark and I find it helps to think of it as “slow” fashion. I don’t expect the instant gratification of typical online shopping.   I search for brands that are typically out of my price range, that I love. I save things by liking them and wait to see if the seller will make me a reasonable offer. People sometimes give amazing deals if something has been sitting long enough.   As others have said, use those filters!
text:What materials are worth paying more for? What equals quality?	labels:Fabric quality is about more than the specific fibers used, which makes it difficult when all that’s listed is fiber content. High-quality rayon can be more luxurious, more durable, and easier to care for than low-quality silk, to give one example.  And cut and finish are equally important to garment quality. These aren’t easy to assess just from photos on a website, unfortunately.   One red flag for poor quality is if clothes look rumpled or stiff on the model. Another is if the fabric around the seams seems crinkled, like it isn’t sewn evenly.  Reading reviews can also help, or coming to forums like this one to ask for people’s experiences.
text:Are LBD’s really a MUST?	labels:Don't be too worried about looking like everyone else, clothes aren't always about standing out. I think it's good to have a classy black dress just in case you get invited somewhere you have to dress nice. Like maybe you need to do a poster presentation for your thesis, or your org has a formal. They're easy to dress up or down depending on accessories.    Honestly, if you can't think of an occasion where you'd wear one, then you don't need one! I just like the simplicity of a black dress sometimes, esp if you have accessories that you want to emphasize.	episode_done:True
text:Are there any alternatives to a suit that you know about or your culture uses?	labels:In bangladesh for formal occasions you might wear a normal suit, but more common is a Panjabi and white Paijama. They are both basically made of thin fabric so are good for summer. The panjabi is often a deep colour with a lot of embroidery, but you can get light coloured simple ones too. Pair it with leather shoes or sandals.   My dad personally wears a panjabi with suit trousers and a suit jacket. We live in england. I only bring out the panjabi for special occasions like weddings
text:Appreciate it. Thin hair is no fun.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 30	labels:LF Windbreaker.   5'6" 210lbs. Daily use, I deliver pizzas so I'm constantly in and out of my warm car and hot store going into the cold air, so a normal hoodie is too hot for me (plus I'm just really hot normally). I also mountain bike so a breathable windbreaker is what I'm aiming for.  Looking for recommendations on durable breathable windbreaker. Preferably full zip and with pockets.	episode_done:True
text:Plants and Fashion: A Marriage of Obsessions	labels:I love plants, and really enjoy leaf as a print in addition to florals. I think it’s nice to pull from nature besides flowers. However, I can’t stand the prints of monsteras on everything. To me it feels a bit lazy and literally just sticking it on because they know plants are popular now. the monsters pieces I’ve seen have not seemed thoughtful in the pattern choice. Anyone else feeling that?   I think a lot of it will burn itself out as a fad, but hope the fun prints with leaves and different florals stick around a bit longer.
text:Depends on the item but in generally I shoot for 75% minimum wool before I consider buying an item for warmth	labels:	episode_done:True
text:You can buy second hand clothing, often with the tags still on, for even cheaper than in the shops. I use the app Vinted (I‘m in Germany) and it is literally bursting with H&M, Shein, Zara, and a zillion other fast fashion brands for dirt cheap. I see people selling brand new or almost brand new clothing for as little as 2 to 3 euros. You don’t have to avoid fast fashion, just don’t buy it from the shop because that will just drive production.   In 2021 though there really isn’t an argument in favor of buying new fast fashion. We know how shitty the industry is. Second hand clothing is BEYOND accessible with the help of the internet and the apps are literally exploding with clothing that people are trying to sell. Trying to defend these fashion empires who are running our planet into the ground and exploiting millions upon millions of people in the name of poor people is really unfair. That argument held water before literally everyone had a smart phone, but not now. Besides, as has already been pointed out, those aren’t the people driving the fast fashion industry. They aren’t making literal billions in profits every year from people buying a couple of shirts or jeans once a year.  I will probably get downvoted because this sub has a severe aversion to calling out fast fashion, but whatever.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are your favorite, trusted clothing lines for buying wear-forever investment classics?	labels:For cashmere specifically, you should try Pringle of Scotland, Johnston of Elgin, and Agnona on resell sites. They are top tier cashmere brands but not " well known" like Brunello Cuccinelli or Loro Piana. Brora is also very good quality but their styles can be a little "JC Penny" or "Kohls” catalog. I don't know how you describe it, but yeah.  Otherwise, what immediately came to mind for me is Adam Lippes. It's insanely expensive, up there with your “fashion house designers” but unlike those, it's not super well known and not an "it-brand" so there's not a lot of fakes floating around. I thrift it off of Ebay, the RealReal, and occasionally discount sites and never worry about authenticating it the way I would for say, Chanel, Dior, Gucci, Prada etc. I'm no stranger to designer goods but their material and construction is absolutely amazing. Like the highest quality, weightiest fabric you can imagine. Honestly you could wear their shirts inside out because the hems are finished so perfectly, it'd be hard to tell.   Another one that I love that I NEVER hear of is Petar Petrov. What that brand does with silk is frankly incredible. The colors and cuts (especially their very flattering body skimming bias cuts) are stunning in person and nothing like any kind other designer I’ve ever seen. Again pricey pricey, but not popular/not high in demand so a diligent online shopper could thrift it more easily.  Sometimes even with truly luxury designer, I feel like the consumer is paying for the logo-bling, design and but necessarily quality. But these two luxury brands are IMO consistently both design and quality and no visible logos.
text:I’m a huge fan of A- line skirts too. I find them quite flattering!   Same with red lips they are timeless and always a good move!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:>the main appeal of buying from a prominent Parisian fashion house was knowing that anything Chanel made would be in fashion for the upcoming years.  Yeah Chanel and other fashion houses used to set the trends and it was up to you to make it into your own way. Fast fashion are the ones that are setting up trends same with fashion influencers. I just have more respect for seamstress creating timeless looks that will last a lifetime.  I agree I don't want them to dictate wants supposed to be in but I wish that a fashion brand like Chanel wasn't so cheap. They are raising prices because they want to be exclusive like Hermes yet everything right now is cheap and then conglomerates like LVMH care about profits and mass production its killing creativity and innovation.   This is why the fashion industry is where its at today. Even American Vogue is a shadow of its former self and Anna is the problem too.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I haven’t shopped at Lululemon in years (seriously, probably 8 yrs) & I always loved the brand, but fell off the athleisure train.  I went online to order a pair of high rise, plain black, full length leggings hopefully slimming & the product ratings were just so bad that it surprised me and deterred me!  Do you have a specific style that you recommend?!	labels:This question is so subjective! R/lululemon should help you out if you know what you’re looking for in a legging. Aligns are very popular, I love them they don’t slide down and are very smooth, however the quality isn’t as great. Wonder unders are popular too but they come in two fabrics that are very different from one another so you need to watch for that. The ones mentioned above with the side pocket and draw string are invigorates I like these but I find they slide down.
text:What are the Recurring Motifs, Symbols, or Images in your Style?	labels:Stars!! All the stars!!! Prints on clothes and accessories, statement earrings, necklaces, cartoon-inspired stuff...  I lean towards cutesy clothes so they're pretty easy to incorporate into my everyday wardrobe.  I also own sober star-shaped jewelry for more formal occasions.
text:This is very true. I’m just trying to figure it out ahead of time so I can save up for my future clothing purchases.  For me, my college program is extremely small (less than 16 people) and given the context of the course, they’re allowing us to go in for face-to-face instruction. I’m hoping that maybe I could exude more style during my limited time out then, but it may not be realistic given the circumstances :)	labels:First time here so idk what this sub thinks about dressing according to body type, but I've noticed it works out well for me (i.e. I have a short neck and a round face so I know to not buy any high neck sweaters without trying them on first, so I haven't since covid). That being said, you can look in your closet for what you *really* love/looks good on you and find something similarly cut but in a different pattern/colour. Look online and see what you like; this way you know exactly what you're looking for in store thus limiting your time there.
text:How to avoid looking older with your clothing??	labels:Screw whatever everyone thinks and just roll with it. I wish that I learned this when I was 14, but I guess 16 isn’t too late either. Now at 18, I can wear basically anything I want from dark academia to cottagecore, to grunge to anything else in between. I’m happier than I ever was.	episode_done:True
text:What age do you think you're too old to follow teenage-type style trends (ie e-girl style etc)? Or are you ever, why/why not?	labels:I can't speak for everyone, but I knew my time had passed when I popped into a "teen style" store and went "EW YUCK They brought THAT back? Why would they bring that back? It was terrible the first time around!" and *realized I sounded like my mother*.
text:The Style Blogger Index: finding people who are the same size as you	labels:Oh my gosh I'm so happy to see this here! I created this because of FFA! I hope you enjoy it ❤️  P.S. just a note that the size twin app is going to be updated in the next week or so -- it's very out of date. If you follow me on IG that's the easiest way to hear about updates, but I can edit this comment when it's refreshed, too!   **(11/30 update if anybody is still reading -- the app is updated!)**  Edit: since so many of you are finding the tool mostly useless, I just wanted to say that the goal was to create something that would help you find fashion inspo from people who are more similar in size to you than a fashion model in a magazine.  Of course it's impossible to get an exact body double from just 3 measurements, but that's what the standard is, and that's what I could reasonably expect the average person to know about themselves. I have to make sure that the barrier to entry is very low. The more people can join this index, the more useful it is. Please remember that I offer this tool completely for free, that I don't work in the fashion industry, and that I don't have any background in the industry (fashion, data, or web design). I just wanted to do something helpful for the community. I will try my best to make as many improvements as I can over time, but I have very limited resources, and maintaining it is quite a lot of effort as is. Sorry, all!
text:You might find you have more friends into this stuff than you think! The friend I'm copying is a relatively new friend -- a former colleague I still followed on Facebook -- but we bonded during Covid bc we are posting about similar hobbies. Spread the word and see what happens...you never know!	labels:I've started posting outfits on a public Insta since the 2nd lockdown, and it's definitely helped me find some like-minded folks! More an online community than a real-life one, but I'll take it! :)	episode_done:True
text:>Bond and Ngoknows  yah i'm really undecided on these - really like both fits.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Corduroy has been in for like 5-6 years	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The 90s Are Back. Long Live the 70s.	labels:I'm really not a fan of any of these, lol.	episode_done:True
text:Reigning Champ - Construction Quality of Pima Jersey T Shirt vs. American Giant	labels:That's not fraying lol.  They're literally fuzzing up because of the extra long staple pima cotton.  The reigning champ one looks more like a standard cotton fabric, usually made with a blend of short and long staple cottons.  Both are good quality but if you wanted the qualities of pima cotton, well, there you go. Plus "finer" quality fabrics are often worse in terms of durability. This sub has a serious issue with quality =/= durability.	episode_done:True
text:Hey! The vest over a sportsjacket is me! I too thought it was a bit bold — but I have seen it in some lookbooks before and decided to try it out. Without the lapels rolled over, it looks pretty atrocious, the parts of the jacket that stick out below the vest look misplaced. With the lapels pulled out there’s a little bit of continuity and the vest doesn’t dominate the upper body.   I definitely agree it’s not an everyday look, but for a layering challenge I thought I’d take a leap.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:And the album looks  like those youtube videos "how many tshirts can I fit on me"	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Casual Tailoring	labels:This stuff looks great and the idea is nice in theory but after years of attempting this and being “that guy”, it really doesn’t work outside of the largest/most fashionable locales (NYC, London, Paris, Southern Europe, etc.). If you really want to do this and are comfortable with it then by all means go ahead. But from my own experience I did this, and actually did it fairly well after many years, but at the end of the day it stood out too much in real everyday life in a normal town, regardless of how nice the outfit was, and it definitely hurt my social reputation a lot. After toning it down a bit I immediately noticed a difference in how much more positively I was treated by people. You can still dress well, but remember context is key.
text:What are your go-to, everyday shoes?	labels:Blundstones in the winter, white keds in the summer. I'm a simple gal. 🤷‍♀️  Side note, I wear orthodics so my shoe choices are based on whether I can rip out the insole and fit my orthodics. Unfortunately this means no sandals during the summer unless I really think it's worth it to sacrifice cuteness for knee pain!
text:I found exactly one planner that wasn't a total waste of money.  It was the only one at Target and I despair of ever finding another one like it. It's a weekly planner... with no dates printed. Left side is days, right side is plain lined paper.  Plus the cover is pink glitter and says Super Professional.	labels:Muji makes great, simple weekly planners with no dates and grid pages (which I like even better than lined)!	episode_done:True
text:Let's talk about sneakers	labels:Probably depends on where you live.   When I was in elementary school in the 90's, the chunky adidas were popular like the superstar. In middle school, the nike AF1s high tops were really popular and also the K Swiss sneakers and the Phat farm ones (throwback). But they resembled the classic adidas stan smith/superstars. In high school, I remember wearing really chunky "skater" sneakers and slip-ons. I remember wearing DCs. In college it was the chucks. Then after I graduated it was those suede vans, and the slip on vans as well as the keds. Now I see a lot of stan smiths, superstars, AF1s, chucks, common projects and those adidas NMD / yeezy. I have yet to encounter more than a hand full of people wearing those big chunky sneakers at all. Only a few who were tourists.  TBH it just feels like everyone just wears whatever the popular sneaker of X company is, and since all of the above are still around, and because social media bubble aesthetics influence groups of people to choose whatever shoe suits them from whatever popular company, the outcome is that all of those sneakers are still very much alive and kicking....	episode_done:True
text:Your favorite ___ for $___: House Slippers	labels:#What should we do next?
text:True. Habits can be hard to change though. I think some are more important to prioritize over others. These days I am more focused on health. But I should try slowing down since that aligns well with better health. Leaning into the table seems like maybe like a suboptimal solution that could lead to bad posture. But who knows...  I'm curious. You've never spilled anything on yourself?  So far I frankly just expect it to happen sometimes.  Most clothes and most of my shirts are fairly inexpensive. Even my sweaters.  But recently I did start to upgrade my wardrobe.. still, wouldn't be the end of the world to replace if even necessary.  But I was still curious what other people did & I am happy to read everyone's take	labels:>You've never spilled anything on yourself?  Of course I have, but not with any frequency that it's something I think about. If I had to venture a guess, I'd put it at maybe 3 times a year? I dunno, it just doesn't feel like it's something that takes a lot of work to improve.
text:Menswear I Drool Over: FW/2020 Part II	labels:This is all great. Just want to highlight 5, 6, 12 and 26 as some personal favourites. Dem trousers in 6.
text:I just always get excited for Autumn and the colder weather as my Docs come out again. I personally much prefer Autumn/Winter clothes to Summer - cute boots, nice dresses and tights, jackets, gorgeous jumpers and sweaters - old grandpa hobo vibes for sure.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Vintage Holidays	labels:The star skirt art nouveau one looks like Alphonse Mucha, but there are lots of artists in that style!	episode_done:True
text:Chelsea boots under €200	labels:Can recommend the Chelsea boots by Tommy Hilfiger! They look really nice and are very wearable. Just make sure you get them in the right size as they sometimes run small.	episode_done:True
text:What niche do you feel is missing from the fashion blogging/YouTube world?	labels:Adult goth/ punk/ alt fashion is something I'd like to see. I'm talking more tasteful and stylized than the full blown, head to toe Killstar or Dolls Kill aesthetic that's been cultivated recently. I'm 35 and always learning how to "age up" my look over the years, without looking too silly.
text:I FEEL THIS. My body has been changing and I've been slowly buying new clothes. I decided recently that with these new clothes I'm going to lean in pretty hard to my (trad) goth desires instead of continuing to suppress them.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What’s going to be the next shoe of the year	labels:Whatever it is I hope it’s not square toes and yet another season of suede winter boots too delicate to wear in weather
text:What are your favorite straight leg jeans?	labels:Balloon Levis and MOTO jeans from topshop. :)	episode_done:True
text:SAME! I really like the simple/expensive/feminine look that they all seem to pull off so well.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How has your style grown/changed since before quarantine?	labels:No more bras with cups! Bought a few bralettes from richer or poorer and they've been the best!	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 13, 2020	labels:Any recommendations for light (and less puffy) bomber jackets for transitional seasons? Any material is fine, just keep it under $200.	episode_done:True
text:If it's work from home: anything (splurge for Reigning Champ?).  If it's not work from home: don't.  I'm big on casual wardrobe for work, I wear Rick Owens shit there, but even I think explicitly gym and lounge gear is kinda inappropriate for work.  I don't think I'd wear my sweats to work.	labels:LMAO I'll wear my drop crotch pod shorts to work but I draw the line at sweatpants.
text:Does anyone have a "uniform"?	labels:It makes life easier although now I just fuss over which top to wear. I typically wear jeans/black pants, printed top, coordinating cardigan, flats and earrings. Sometimes I change out the pants for a skirt or dress, and the cardigan for a sweater. I gave up aspirational dressing a long time ago and started dressing for the activities in my life. I'm much happier and my clothes get worn!	episode_done:True
text:Recently customized a Naked and Famous ecru jacket that wasn't getting a lot of wear from its owner. Hope it gets some wear time in now!	labels:This is incredible! The embroidery on the back was done with a machine?
text:Show me the pants	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Green Queens: An Inspo Album	labels:So fun! I love this.	episode_done:True
text:BEAMS PLUS 2021 SPRING / SUMMER ORIGINAL COLLECTION	labels:Do people in the Eastern US buy directly from beams store online or are there other websites I should check out that carry their stuff?
text:Yearly Aesthetic Goal Setting	labels:What resources do you use to predict and incorporate upcoming trends?	episode_done:True
text:what do yall wear to the gym (or at home if you work out there)	labels:old navy active shorts and shirts, they're like $10. if i'm feeling spicy on leg day i'll wear virus compression pants	episode_done:True
text:Married dad-of-three wears skirts and heels to work ‘because he can’	labels:Nobody here commenting on how good he looks with this hybrid look. Mixing the traditionally masc shirt with the matches skirt and heels is great colour blocking and the fact that he is low key ripped helps.  Rather than using feminine clothes to add a femme edge which is pretty common he has made incredibly traditionally feminine items of clothing look very masculine on him which is kinda unique.	episode_done:True
text:Sage de Cret Fall/Winter 2020	labels:The fit is simply too loose & boxy.
text:Do you think fashion or style has age restrictions?	labels:I'm 35 and wear crop tops and high waisted jeans. Why do so many people on this sub care so much about what others think about them? Wear trendy items, don't wear them, just stop trying to make some women "other" than you due to some fashion superiority complex. Lord.
text:What fashion items on your Christmas list?	labels:Red Wing Iron Rangers.	episode_done:True
text:I found rubbing lightly with my sneaker soles ( I was in between workout sets and realized it works better than my squeegee!)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:### Rain gear.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 16, 2021	labels:Some Kind of Heaven is fucking great  rent it and watch it, it's an insane documentary on a few people in The Villages in Florida	episode_done:True
text:How Carhartt A Billion-Dollar Brand	labels:I love the meme. Carharrt: are you a student? A hipster? Or a certified forklift operator?
text:Posting tomorrow	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Best and Worst Purchases of 2020?	labels:Best: 3 tees and 2 beanies from National Athletic Goods/Homespun. The quality is just so great, the fits are awesome, and if you love neutral toned basics made in Canada these are the way to go.   Runner up: Crescent Down Works Montagne Down Parka. Was super stoked to get a down coat that was made ethically and made in the US or Japan, was able to snag this one brand new for 50% off. My only complaint is it’s a little long so my hands don’t reach the pockets perfectly but that’s really not a huge issue.  Worst: Visvim Virgil folk in suede. These were really gorgeous and I was totally star struck when I got my hands on them, was super super disappointed with how uncomfortable they are. Not that they’re objectively uncomfortable, my feet are super flat and wide so they just don’t have the arch I need. Was able to sell them the other day so all is good.	episode_done:True
text:How does a warm weather wardrobe differ from a cold weather wardrobe?	labels:I live in Austin where the heat and humidity get prettyyy ridiculous. I pretty much live in skirts and shorts in the summer time. Tops-wise, I'm usually in short sleeves. If I'm daring to wear anything that doesn't show skin, it's loose and flowy!      No matter what clothes I wear, I think fabric makes the most difference. Polyesters and chiffons are the most miserable to wear in the heat and humidity because they're not breathable at all. Cotton and natural fibers all the way.      Hope that helps!
text:What have people actually worn to funerals you've been to?	labels:I went to a funeral after a death in the family and everyone tried their best to dress formal. We didn’t say anything about a dress code. It was just understood that this was a special and serious occasion. A few relatives flew in at the last minute and couldn’t bring much so they wore dress slacks and a collared shirt. One of my cousins needed to borrow formal clothing from another family member which just goes to show how much we all wanted to dress right for the occasion. It wasn’t all black but everyone tried to wear darker colors. The service was at the funeral home where our relative was to be cremated.	episode_done:True
text:What are your go-to, everyday shoes?	labels:Blundstones in the winter, white keds in the summer. I'm a simple gal. 🤷‍♀️  Side note, I wear orthodics so my shoe choices are based on whether I can rip out the insole and fit my orthodics. Unfortunately this means no sandals during the summer unless I really think it's worth it to sacrifice cuteness for knee pain!
text:Throwback Thursday: Revisiting our 'Finding A Style and Building A Wardrobe' guide	labels:one thing i noticed in my fashion journey is the effect that location has on style, and to be aware of it. is it something you like, or dislike?  i went to college in the north east in the late 2000s and it was all prep all the time. i was in academia at the time, and fully embraced prep into my life, even though it felt like a facade.  then i moved to NYC and  i stuck out like a sore thumb lol. slowly, and without realizing it over the course of a couple years, my style went from typical new england prep with lots of fake pearls and plaid and corduroy and navy and JKP lusting, to all black all the time city girl.  i LOVE my style now, it just feels very "me" and can't ever imagine wearing a navy blazer again in my life. but if i was to move to the north east again, or down south or somewhere else with a different local aesthetic i would pay a lot more attention to my buying choices to make sure i   maintain my style in a way that i like, and if i ever decide to change it up to make it a conscious decision. it would have saved me a lot of money during that transition period when i had no cohesive items to wear together.  a navy wool blazer from jack wills doesn't really go with leather shorts!  &#x200B;  \[edit\] i'm not sure how it would be worked into the guide, though. maybe when talking about climate which heavily affects people's fashion choices and is also very regional, regional (even hyperlocal, different neighborhoods in NYC dress very differently) style trends could also be mentioned?   it would have been helpful for me when moving to a new city to have had that seed planted in my head. if you're freshly moved or have been living in a place for a while and want a new style, look at the people around you! they'll probably be wearing clothes that can be found locally, and if you like how people dress it's a great way to get inspiration on what's current in that area.   it's also great because if you DON"T like how people are dressing you can consciously make the decision to avoid those choices.
text:General Discussion - November 11, 2020	labels:the siren’s song of some SLP Wyatt 40mms has never been louder, it drowns out the cries of my rational side and beckons for my heart to take over
text:Alexander Wang accused of a history of sexual harassment - fashion in a year of reckoning?	labels:The racism, sexism and misogyny is just way too pervasive in the industry- - Speaking from experience. These elements do come into play when making purchase decisions 100%.	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Texture!	labels:I just love this! I’m not very fashion-y (leggings and sweater kind of girl) and given Covid I haven’t had many places to dress up for... but this album gave me warm fuzzies so maybe when I can go out again I’ll branch out!   Some faves: yellow jacket + blue tutu, the giant white sweater shawl, light blue sequined pants, and the corduroy.	episode_done:True
text:Menswear I Drool Over: FW/2020 Part II	labels:That Dries runway was really one of my favorites in quite a few seasons.
text:What's been your experience with men's stores/departments?	labels:No one has ever bothered me, I’ve even had a female sales clerk agree with me that men’s shirts are more comfortable.  I typically only buy men’s tops, tees or hoodies or sweatshirts. I don’t try for fitted, only loose, and usually go for second hand since I mostly wear it as loungewear.  Pants I haven’t had much luck with. If the waist can be cinched small enough, that means the hips barely fit or they are way too tight when I sit down or bend over. A medium is too large and can’t be cinched small enough.  Board shorts/basketball shorts are ok, the leg is loose enough to accommodate the lady hips, regardless of the waist size. I generally don’t like the look of these on me, but you may have different preferences.	episode_done:True
text:So *this* is why people post inspo albums.	labels:I think you could be onto something here...  That's the best explanation on why someone would go through so much trouble. u/ThisIsHirokisAmerica must be making bank :/  ^^^^jk ^^^^love ^^^^your ^^^^albums
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 11, 2021	labels:I've recently been given some of my uncles old shirts, about 6 or 7, casual and formal (he passed over the summer). He was about 6'1", slim, I'm 5'8ish, also slim, and I'm thinking about getting some of the shirts tailored, mainly bc I wanna wear them for sentimental value, and they're a bit long. I'm in the UK, anyone got any idea how/where I could get them tailored, or if it's worth it at all? I'd be willing to pay pretty much anything per shirt in a tailor's or alterations shop.	episode_done:True
text:2020 Christmas Gifts Thread	labels:My husband got me a necklace. It’s one of those circle charms with writing on it. It says “I love you and I like you”. It’s a quote from parks and rec. it’s absolutely perfect and I haven’t taken it off since Christmas morning. I’ve always liked those small circle charms with writing on them, but I wasn’t sure which would be right for me and also sort of wanted it to be given to me by someone so it really meant something. I’ve never told anyone that. He chose this totally on his own; which makes it even more perfect.   I also got some great lounge wear, pants and shorts.   We also got each other the same cat headphones (though they won’t work for his computer). It worked out though since the ones he got for me hadn’t been shipped he was able to cancel and get a refund and I keep the ones meant for him.	episode_done:True
text:Snap camera “makeup for zoom” filter	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Your favorite ___ for $___: Henleys	labels:# Above $100	episode_done:True
text:The wholesomeness of your partner is making me tear up at work omg I’m so happy for you <3	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA's Own: 2020 Favorites	labels:All y’all have such recogniseable styles, I love it
text:[First Impressions] Carmina horsebit loafers in white leather	labels:Cool shoes but the outfit does not match them whatsoever	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 11, 2020	labels:Looking for button collar shirts, with a chest pocket. Not necessarily OCBD, can be other fabrics (not flannel). I like Uniqlo but not enough colors/patterns. Under $50.	episode_done:True
text:Fall 2020 Fit Battle - Elite 8 - Discussion	labels:Little underwhelming. Few people really look like they forgot the deadline.   8888 is my fav. Chunsak would be cool with one less thing going on, same as DeLaJoel.
text:General Discussion - December 06, 2020	labels:What has been your crowning fashion achievement or something that you're super proud of?   For me it's probably that one time I made the denim pilgrimage to Kojima Jeans Street in Okayama and bought a pair of Kamikaze Attack from the owner himself. That or my wardrobe built on sample sales
text:I love all the new leather clothes this fall, what have you bought?	labels:Just bought my dream leather jacket, a Schott women’s boyfriend cut made out of cowhide. It’s awesome and I’m so excited to start wearing it!	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - February 13, 2021	labels:anybody know any good male fashion youtubers? whenever i look for them, i always see videos from people like alpham or teaching mens fashion who reek of toxic masculinity and lack style (imo)  the only guys i know of and can handle watching are daniel simmons and gallucks. any suggestions would be great!
text:Noel Fielding X Fendi menswear colab	labels:I think Noel Fielding's art work is fun, and he is a very fun, odd dude. I loved him in IT Crowd, and he's weird as ever in the B. Baking series.   His Fendi graphics are arguably the better items in the fashion show, but wouldn't it be just as good if they used another contemporary artist? I feel that this type of graphics can be interchangeable. Any local graffiti artist could do something interesting. Noel is just famous.
text:Does anyone else have this style issue?	labels:I feel you on this. I love me some 20s and 60s, but my DNA said LOLNOPE  A lady on this very same site told me that she’s got wide hips, but can still wear some stuff designed for the “ideal” 20s body with help from shapewear. Would you try that?	episode_done:True
text:Sock It To Me: Novelty Sock Appreciation Post	labels:I can't stop buying new ski socks in fun patterns. I ski maybe once a week throughout the winter season - there is no reason for me to have 23 pairs of ski socks. Yet here I am.	episode_done:True
text:What age did you start pinning down your style? And how many times has it changed since then?	labels:I experimented with a lot of different styles over the years but I think I really settled into my style at around 23 years old. I’m 28 now and still dress the same, which may not seem that long but before I was changing pretty dramatically on a yearly basis. I think it just came with age and getting to know myself better. Before I was always chasing trends and trying to dress for others, but as of 23 I started to dress for myself and stopped caring if something was in fashion or not. It led me to discovering pieces and styles that I really loved, that also suit my lifestyle, which hasn’t changed too much over the years (living in a big city and working at an office that allows for casual dress).	episode_done:True
text:What Did You Recently Get Rid of From Your Closet (and How, Please Help Me Help Myself)	labels:PROBABLY UNPOPULAR OPINION: Since you never loved your work clothes and don't know when you'll go back to the office, I say purge the worst and store the rest.   I'm usually on team "if you don't love it, donate/toss it!", but these are strange times. If you get rid of all your meh work clothes would you be stressed out over buying a new wardrobe when you're called back to the office? If so, just go the purge-n-store route. That will buy you time when you go back to work and give you peace of mind in the meantime.	episode_done:True
text:No worries!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Hell yeah brother, cheers from Finland!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Coats & jackets from fall-winter 2020 runway collections	labels:Wow! McQueen, Viktor & Rolf, Miu Miu, Jil Sander,  Paco Rabane, so many gorgeous coats!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 18, 2020	labels:Protip:800ml of French Press at 8pm because you got excited about your new beans is a bad idea.  Also: that's an extremely weird sentence.
text:How do you tell when discounted items were never full price?	labels:You're at JC Penney.  Or Ross or Nordstrom Rack or Marshalls or TJ Maxx.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - February 17, 2021	labels:Had applied for a couple of dream jobs a while back. Just received an interview offer for one of them. Going to be multiple rounds so nothing's a given, even for candidates with impeccable credentials, because there are so few jobs in my field. Still, first proper bite since early 2020, so it feels validating.  Edit: Really appreciate the goodwill, guys. Rough market out there for pretty much everyone, so I'll pass on the goodwill to anyone else job-hunting!
text:The best relaxed trousers — 13 bought and tested	labels:+1 for gramicci I bought a pair over the summer,  they look and function great if you like outdoorsy activities.  I think I saw some pairs (different model iirc) on sale at UO	episode_done:True
text:How has your style and shopping habits changed with age and financial standing?	labels:I’ve never really enjoyed shopping that much but now that I’m older and much heavier I have a really hard time with the limited options that come with being a size 18.   My style is way less trendy these days and now that I’m almost 30 I don’t really care about staying on top of all of that. I like more classic designs that don’t go out of style. I work a business casual desk job full time so I usually stick to skinny black pants, cute black flats/boots/loafers and a fun blouse or sweater. I’ve come to really appreciate a good statement earring so I have a nice little collection going now.	episode_done:True
text:Omg are the sheertex tights actually good?? I've been thinking about getting them 👀	labels:Haven’t gotten them yet, but I hope so!	episode_done:True
text:The Pajama Spectrum	labels:J crew cotton pajamas when it’s moderately cool/warm.  Cheap target pj shorts set when it’s warm.  And llbean flannel pajamas when it’s cold.  I totally want to get some fancy silk pjs sometime too!	episode_done:True
text:Came here for this! I love her characters style.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The Venn diagram of things I would actually buy has the following circles: fits my aesthetic, fits my budget, makes me excited at the outfit possibilities, will make me happy to put on in the morning, will fill in an empty space in my wardrobe, is eco-friendly. Last 2 somewhat optional, but I’m trying to make them as essential as the first 4.  My aesthetic is pretty broad (across several categories of garments and “styles” of dress), but having a more cohesive wardrobe means I have more opportunity to mix and match items and get more wear out of each, so there’s that as an advantage.  I don’t think anyone should force the aesthetic thing until and only if they feel naturally pulled towards that aesthetic specifically, and they know that the things that fall out of that aesthetic won’t bring them as much joy to put on as the things that fit in it.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:This! (No idea why you were downvoted...?)   More trends that may not have been new, but were enormous: puffy sleeves, shirred tops and dresses, 18th century silhouettes in general (chemise anglais!)...	labels:haha maybe because I called yoga pants ‘flared leggings’.
text:Dressing for “housework” vs “working from my house”	labels:Embrace the apron!  I know it sounds twee and cottage core but a good apron allows me to do housework and cooking while protecting the clothes I wear. I prefer a pinafore style for freedom of movement and ease of putting on and off.
text:Shitpost Saturday: Advice on Learning How to Hate Fashion	labels:From my personal experience, learning how to hate fashion is easy. You just need to realize that you're ugly and there's nothing any stupid clothes can do about that. Once you have this solid foundation nailed down, hating fashion (and anyone fashionable) comes naturally.
text:Also Kate Spade. I have a crossbody that I’ve used for 5 years and it’s still in really good shape.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:One time my thesis supervisor invited my partner and I for dinner at his place, (along with the rest of his students). All his stuff was in moving boxes. She asked him how long it had been since he moved. Five years.	labels:A professor in my college told our office about when he and his wife, also a professor, told his in-laws they were expecting their first baby. His father-in-law, who’s also a professor, was just angry. Why? Because neither of them had tenure yet.	episode_done:True
text:AYYYY BAYBAYYYYY	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Oh because sneakers with suits suck	labels:	episode_done:True
text:That was just an example, no need to attack me. Thanks for your response though!	labels:There’s nothing judge mental there.   Should I have prefaces with three lines on “I’m so glad you’ve decided to care about x,y,z?”	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 21, 2020	labels:Hi gang,  Thanks for a largely good and positive year here! However, I find I really need to take a break from reddit/social media especially just prior to the holidays as it's far too easy to come across a story or comment that just destroys my mood. I'd rather be present for my family.  Hope you all are able to enjoy the holidays in your own way, that you stay safe and healthy, and that we all have a much better 2021!  Best,  Met
text:Just how revolutionary is Harry Styles’ Vogue cover?	labels:I like the gesture a lot and things like this make me as a queer person feel more safe...  *however*, that doesn't stop me from saying I think this shoot was poorly styled. The looks just don't do it for me and in some ways they look incomplete. It looks like he decided to wear a dress the day he showed up to the shoot. It just seems, for lack of a better term, lazy. Like they didn't really care what this meant. He needed more hair and makeup work in my opinion. Something to make people look at it and be like "wow, he looks really pretty and I bet he feels it”  or some eye color would've pulled the whole thing together. Or a pretty necklace! I think lacking these little details is why people will say he didn't pull it off and is sort of a let down considering what this symbolizes. Open to hearing from other people who support the look, tho
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 10, 2020	labels:Where to buy pants with short legs?  Always been short and stubby. I’m 5’8”, 200 lbs, and I have a short set of legs. So, I’m looking for websites where I can find pants that would be 36”-38” on the waist and 28”-30” on the inseam. So far, the only luck I’ve had is on ASOS, where I got some 38x30’s. Love the way I look in them. All my life I’ve rocked pants straight off the shelf, that were WAY too long and it threw off my whole look. But the selection is still somewhat small on their site so I’m looking for others that may offer my size. I’m in the US if that matters. Thanks in advance for any help!
text:Fashion to help your changing body and lifestyle?	labels:Not really answering the question, but my issue has been the opposite. I'm about 10lbs lighter now than I was in high school, and I've stayed short and tiny my whole life. I basically kept my high school wardrobe all through college, then packed it with me when my husband and I got married and I moved. I didn't see the issue and thought it was ludicrous to get rid of an entire closet of clothes that were still intact and fit me well, until I started getting more serious about my career as a professor and realized my "professional teaching clothes" still read as "student attending an award ceremony."  Starting over the summer, I began weeding through my closet and donating anything that didn't make me happy or I couldn't imagine myself wearing in front of a classroom of college students or colleagues (except for my loungewear and workout clothes.) I felt A LOT of guilt at first, because I realized how many pieces I held onto for the nostalgia or just because they fit. I had to invite one of my closest friends over to help me make the tough decisions and she didn't let me talk myself into keeping a piece I initially put in the donate pile. That really helped my perspective, and now I can make more objective decisions without needing a cheerleader.   Once I got rid of about half of my closet (spring/summer and fall/winter wardrobe combined,) I gave myself permission to buy a few higher-end pieces that are much more my style but also fit both my daily life and professional needs. Neutral colors and versatile silhouettes. I feel so much less stress and guilt when I open my closet now, it really feels like I've moved into a new chapter of myself. It's my dream to have a 10-15 piece capsule closet, but one step at a time.  I'm so sorry I just went on a big tangent. It's been an enlightening quarantine for me obviously lol.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - February 15, 2021	labels:Very bad feeling when your fit is fire but you have no opportunity to take a pic all day
text:Throwback Thursday: Revisiting "A Primer on Materials"	labels:I think it'd be worth mentioning the difference between the material and the construction/weave because it's easy to mix things up.   Like when people say something is smooth because it's silk, but really, it's smooth because it's satin. Just like how raw silk noil isn't smooth even though it's silk.
text:Rick Owens Wearing Rick Owens	labels:I don't own a single piece of his clothing, and I probably never will, but one of the quotes attributed to him that really stuck with me when I first started browsing mfa was "No outfit is going to make you look or feel as good as having a fit body. Buy less clothing and go to the gym instead." He was right.
text:>tacky  There is a model for this one with a metal piece running above the nose - sorta more aviator like, but yeah aviator looks really good on me, but I would want prescription sunglasses for aviators - they need that dark tint I think, but you are right wayfarers and aviators are timeless and that's what I am going for really - no extra stuff  &#x200B;  I think these frames are pretty classic and timeless, but it's not because of the looks I am choosing it - it's the most lightweight glasses in the market right or one of them	labels:Yeah, aviator styles prescription glasses are basically grandpa glasses.  I’d be careful choosing lightweight frames, especially if they cost a lot because it’s easier to damage. All it takes is one drunk night to wake up with an arm bending at 90 degrees.
text:Fall 2020 Fit Battle - Elite 8 - Discussion	labels:Can we have a chance to vote on some honorable mentions at the end? Like, best fit overall, best use of EG, best suit... stuff like that?
text:>It doesn't help right now during COVID that I see people whose jobs/income did not get affected by COVID, and therefore has additional disposable income   Exactly. For how many millions have been economically devastated, millions of others have been just fine.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Funny though, my outfit is thrifted except for the boots.	labels:same, because i spent 500 on my boots, and have that much less for my clothes	episode_done:True
text:Women who have revamped your entire wardrobe — how did that go? What is your advice for the rest of us?	labels:When you're looking at pictures for inspiration ask yourself if you like the clothes or if you like what you feel the clothes etc represent. If you buy clothes because of what you feel they represent you may end up wasting money and having to do another wardrobe re-vamp.  To give you an example: I find myself drawn to drapey, flowy, bohemian, artsy types of clothes. The sort that tend to look good on taller women with small busts. Now I'm a firm believer in wearing things you like regardless of whether conventional wisdom says they look "good" on you. But in this case what I was being drawn to was the lifestyle I felt those clothes represented, not the clothes themselves - which it turned out did not fit my lifestyle, my personality or my shape. It took quite a few expensive mistakes to realise this.	episode_done:True
text:Old Joe Fall/Winter 2020	labels:I love the older man's style in particular.  I'm super torn because I really like the look of some of those... what are they called, boiler suits?  The full body pieces in the latter half of the album.  Except, I've actually worn those before, and having to basically undress yourself to take a crap is the most obnoxious thing ever.  It's like the opposite of functional style unless you're *actually* doing the sort of work that benefits from it, in which case you probably wouldn't use such a nice looking one for painting your house or whatever.  Some really nice coats/jackets here though, and I laughed out loud on second look when I realized the dude's sporting a "fanny pack" or belly bag or whatever you call it in number 4.  Number 9 looks a bit samey to me... I can see what it's going for, but running basically identical colors from top to bottom just looks weak to me.  I'd steal the hat though, it shows up in a few others.  Number 12 kind of gets to me, because I think it's what my dad would have looked like in his later years if he had a sense of style and some money.  The overall aesthetic reminds me of him a *lot* just better done.	episode_done:True
text:Wow this is very good advice. I never thought of it this way. Thank youuu	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Has anyone just said screw it and focused more on fit than color scheme for your outfits? What's an unlikely color combination that you ended up loving?	labels:I hated denim on denim. But just yesterday, I tried it on out of desperation for an easy outfit, and I ascended. Thy is now the master of denim denim
text:Reminder that r/the_Donald started as a parody sub until idiots showed up and thought they were among like-minded people	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I love all the new leather clothes this fall, what have you bought?	labels:I wanna treat myself to an all saints biker jacket with gold hardware. I have warm undertones and wear gold jewelry and wanted a leather jacket that didn’t have silver hardware all over the place.	episode_done:True
text:What are you looking forward to buying for "pandemic life" this summer?	labels:Bike shorts and baggy cropped tees! If this summer is anything like the last, I’ll spend the entire time biking around my city and drinking beers in parks or on my friends roofs. Bike shorts are cute but still bike friendly (ofc) and i love a plain cottony or loose fitting tee.
text:Your favorite ___ for $___: Shawl Cardigans	labels:Yea unless you are really irritated and hyper sensitive to wools then you should be good with a tee.	episode_done:True
text:Moncler acquires Stone Island	labels:Isn't Stone Island primarily worn by football hooligans?
text:[Inspiration] Sculptural Jewelry	labels:This is so cool. Love the first ring and the floral stuff.   I love jewelry (and have some wacky pieces) but man I wish it wasn’t so fucking expensive for cool shit. An eyeball ring from The Great Frog has been on my grail list for like 4 years but I can’t bring myself to drop a stack on a ring, ya know?
text:Tips for reducing impulse buying/careless spending?	labels:Remove yourself from the mailing list for all shopping vendors that you have coming into your inbox. They'll tempt you every time you get a notification. Likewise, maybe take a break from any of the fashion social media items that you follow, Instagram, Pinterest, certain subreddits.  &#x200B;  This advice might sound really weird, but I actually did this successfully a couple times during the initial shutdown. I caught a couple of those amazing sales and I added a lot items. I got a really good  "ooo 75% off!" high. Then I looked at the cart and logged off. I never actually purchased the items. I got the shoppers' high, but I didn't spend any of my actual money.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- November 06	labels:My tshirts though boast 100% cotton, after few months they pill or fade. Note that I wear 3 to 4 times month. Recently I got to know about supima cotton that boast no color fade or spilling. Some cost 30$ and some cost 15$ .  Is supima cotton sustain the boast? Is it worth spending 30$ on supima?	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 05, 2021	labels:Repost from the rings thread to get a wider audience -  # Calling all MFA - Send Pics  Do you wear rings or other jewelry? I'd like to put together an album of MFA in rings and other jewelry so we can get a wide range of inspiration. I know y'all are packing so bring that heat in the comments below.  Please provide 2 pics if possible - one **full fit** and another **close-up of your jewelry**.  Cheers bois.	episode_done:True
text:What’s your opinion on (modern) 90s-inspired fashion?	labels:I'm waiting until we get to the part of the baggy jeans trend when people learn about the ripped, soggy backs of their pant legs that come from the jeans dragging on the ground. Enough of that this time around and the trend will cycle to something else.  signed,  someone who dealt with many, many ripped jean legs.
text:Aritzia! Great work friendly pants that are so cute	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Big Coats	labels:I really like #13	episode_done:True
text:Prioritize your mental health and fam man, we understand <3   You’re a hilarious dude and I love talking hockey with you. Even if you’re a dirty Canuck supporter. I’ll be rooting for the Nucks in your honor! Have a great holiday man and hope to see you around here next year! 💙💚	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Unique brands/boutiques in your city?	labels:If you are in Athens, Ga, check out Community. Vintage finds, handmade clothes, repurposed vintage, and tons of beautiful locally made jewelry. For funky and unique vintage, check out Dynamite, which is down the street from Community.	episode_done:True
text:Fall Fit Battle - Elite 8 - Results and Discussion	labels:Love that urchincore look on NgoKnows
text:People what cheap (insert literally anything)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The Adventure Continues: Duluth Trading Brings Best Made Back Online	labels:I still want that fleece pullover. so bad.	episode_done:True
text:Congratulations and good luck!	labels:Thank you!!	episode_done:True
text:Of course it's not, that's not the point. Not every bag is meant for 'daily driving', some are meant for going to dinner or just being seen. Just like not every shoe is meant for every occasion, not every bag is either.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Other than the conventional black/blue/white pants or trousers, what other colour pants or trousers do you own ? How do you style it ?	labels:I’m the first to admit I have a pretty boring colour palette in my closet (I love it!) But I did try for a while as an exercise to make colourful capsule wardrobes where I could assemble 20 (digital) items and make 20 outfits. I had a lot of fun and really tried to go for colour. One thing I found was that you could have the wildest colours you want, so long as everything went together as a whole.   My suggestion for eg. Red pants would be the items in following categories: 1. Coordinating neutrals (like your white top) 2. Coordinating solids (eg a blush pink top, or a  mustardy colour if it’s more burgundy) 3. Coordinating prints (eg anything that has a bit of red in it to tie it all together) 4. Monochrome! Red on red!   Which category you choose in what quantity will depend on how bold your style is, but I think that with a little planning you could incorporate a colourful pant happily into your wardrobe!   Oh, edit to say: I have a teal pant that I really love. I wear it the following ways: 1. Coordinating neutrals: my wardrobe is black/white/silver so basically any black or white tops 2. Coordinating colours: again, don’t really have any but I do find it goes well with my silver camisole and shoes! 3. Coordinating prints: I used to have a white shirt with teal leaves all over it, match made in heaven! 4. Monochrome: with the matching teal blazer, or with a coordinating teal turtleneck under a different jacket!
text:Hot take everything is a costume.   Most people wear pants designed for mining (jeans) with shoes designed to be used for athletic purposes (sneakers) with a top designed to be underwear (t-shirt) the only reason this doesn't look odd to us is because of slow societal acceptance and popular people in our society helping speed this up (James Dean wearing teeshirts and jeans Thom Brown bringing the slim fit suit back).	labels:we're all just cosplaying as someone else that's cooler than we are
text:Your favourite men's style shopping "hacks"	labels:My “hack” follows in line with yours.  I always recommend people look into blanks (I like rue porter), because as you grow up you start find yourself gravitating towards more subtle clothes rather than a big Nike check on the chest.     Additionally, I recommend looking for timeless pieces if you’re starting off a closet. Buy things that have stood the test of time, and will look good on anyone regardless of age.  For example: - a denim jacket - a leather jacket - black jeans - a well fitting white shirt   Lastly, a “hack” I have is telling my friends to follow people that have the same body type as them. Some things look great on on body type but you buy it and you won’t understand why ya look like a saran wrap California roll.	episode_done:True
text:Big A$$ Clothes--An Oversize Inspo Album	labels:Love these so much. Comfy-chic almost. I wanted to shop all of them and make them mine! Thanks for the inspiration	episode_done:True
text:~~Veroz~~ Plasma thread 2020 edition	labels:Throwback holy shit	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 12, 2021	labels:posted about not spending money on clothes this year in yesterdays GD and immediately deleted it because I have no self control, now I'm chatting with a sales rep about buying an Ader Error shirt. 😭	episode_done:True
text:This would pair nicely with a camel toe pocket!!! Why should your boobs get all the attention, when they can share the spotlight with a phat camel toe pouch!! Even more storage options for needs you didn't know you needed!! Be a good pouch for tampons or even more chapstick!!!!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Bolero album because it's here whether you like it or not	labels:Ok but some of these actually do look good. But I will never forgive you for cursing me with that pink SJP bolero pic so early in the day.	episode_done:True
text:I particularly miss the old Gap and J Crew. Quality, classic yet current, reliable and always with the key pieces.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Light Down Jacket Inspiration Album	labels:I really can't bring myself to like them. They just look terrible to my eyes and I don't like the look and feel of synthetics.
text:LOL my boyfriend is one of the rare men who prefers clothes that aren't form fitting. He went nuts for some old holey baggy jeans I had because, to paraphrase, they don't give everything away. I don't get it but hey man I'm not gonna complain. He still likes yoga pants because he's still a man lol	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Harry Styles wears a Gucci gown as Vogue’s first solo male cover star	labels:I don’t get why Harry Styles gets so much credit for just wearing gowns and blouses.
text:Oh my gosh, thank you for mentioning Arq! I've been looking high and low for cotton granny panties that don't suck, and struggling to find them. But these look like just the thing!	labels:I haven't tried them yet but they look promising!	episode_done:True
text:I'm not an extrovert but I'm not introverted enough to enjoy lockdown, been really enjoying hanging out here with you and others! Unfortunately I still will delete this sub if given even an ounce of power, sorry :/	labels:how DARE  come around more when you have time off of vet school! Miss you!
text:Yes same here! And I need 100% cotton cause I live in a hot place. Honeslty, I have the best luck at thrift stores. But if you have any go tos let me know!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Corduroy	labels:Needs more dresses, pearls, and makeup, fucking gender conformists.	episode_done:True
text:I just sent you the confidence, you won't be able to see it, it'll be in the next glass of water you drink. Kind of a confidence roofie. Enjoy your new fits.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Have you ever gone out on a limb and bought clothing from an unknown brand advertised on Instagram/Facebook/online? How did it work out?	labels:It was bad - cheap fabric, uneven neckline , weird sizing.  I got a refund from the company and threw out the top; I didn’t think Goodwill would even want it.	episode_done:True
text:Why Ralph Lauren Never Goes Out of Style	labels:RIP Tommy Hilfiger	episode_done:True
text:What's an "outdated" item you still love and wear although the style has fallen out of fashion?	labels:Seems like high waisted skinnies are out, but still the most flattering thing on me..so not gonna stop with them.
text:/r/Malefashionadvice Best of 2020 voting & nomination thread	labels:Best guide	episode_done:True
text:I don't think OP is wrong to call it a BIPOC album. After all, Asians are a part of BIPOC. Let's not be exclusionary with the term. Just because I'm Asian (and only Asian) does not mean I can't or shouldn't refer to myself as BIPOC. Just because it's a Black Live Matter protest doesn't mean it shouldn't be referred to as BIPOC. If anything, I think important that all the minorities are able to find solidarity and support in the term and the movement.	labels:I think it is important to use the right term when being specific. People of color are not interchangeable. There is a time to use a term for everyone and a time to be specific. This is a specific album and that is fine. That doesn’t mean Asian are excluded from BIPOC.   I personally feel erased as this BIPOC album is only Asian (East and Southeast Asian). I assume that when something is called BIPOC there are a variety of people of color represented from Black to Asian to Latinx to Indigenous. That is not the case here.   POC started as a term to encompass Black women and involved to refer to all non-white people. And eventually people started using it when they specifically meant Black people, making it seem if everyone had the same experience. And now it is full circle and there is a whole new term to call out the people that got more erased.	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: The Fun Coats Club	labels:Coats are the few exceptions where I stray from blacks and neutrals in my closet.  Bright colors are often my go to, but I have a black & orange marching band coat (think sgt pepper),  and a coat that's a micro stripe grey/black wool from Zara that I have been r/visiblemending the lining.	episode_done:True
text:Learning about technical side of clothes - fabrics, care, quality etc.	labels:I think a lot of people here that say their clothing falls apart quickly aren't properly caring for their clothes. Growing up I learned to wash everything together on cold. As an adult I had to read articles and watch YouTube videos on how to care for my clothing. I recommend everyone learn how to properly launder their clothing.
text:Nicolas Cage's Many Leather Jackets, Ranked	labels:based	episode_done:True
text:WAYWT - December 18, 2020	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Not sure if this has been done already, but I'd love to hear your POC-run Etsy store recommendations!	labels:Nakidbird. Comfy clothes.	episode_done:True
text:Canadian Tuxedo: A Denim-On-Denim Inspo Album	labels:YAAAS I **fucking** *LOVE* denim on denim, especially if it’s 3 denim layers deep, top/pants/jacket.  This album is stellar and I’ve saved it. Thank you!	episode_done:True
text:I remember going to the mall the day after Christmas one year and I swear 80% of the people there were wearing that black Denali jacket.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The Sea Shanty Is Ascendant. Here's How to Dress Like the Flyest Sailor on the Ship.	labels:I’m hella buying a peacoat after this	episode_done:True
text:I made a Hoodie spreadsheet to help you with sizing	labels:Has anyone tried House of Blanks crewneck fleece sweatshirt? Im curious to hear your thoughts on the fit? Thanks.	episode_done:True
text:Tucking in shirts	labels:I don’t think it’s awkward! I was very self-conscious when I was younger and wore nothing but tunic tops, but over time I’ve gotten more confident and now I basically tuck in everything that I can. Give it a try, maybe just for one day, to see how you feel, and if you like it you don’t have to do it again! But I bet it looks cute in addition to being comfy :)	episode_done:True
text:Distinct Fashion Phases	labels:I’m Op but I’ll share mine -  At around 14 I had a quick phase of really liking the very early sort of e- kid bright and trendy fashion. Hot topic forever 21 sort of edgy stuff. Skinny jeans only. Small wardrobe. Didn’t look great and got bullied a little for my new look. Lowkey wanted to look like a gorillaz character. Still kinda do though lol.  Then there was a transitional trendy masculine street wear phase from when I was late 14 to late 15 . I only really wore ripped jeans, graphic tees , always a belt , with vans or converse that matched the shirt. I started getting of compliments on my style from peers.  I then had an art kid style phase late 15 - 16 years old . Very similar to before but I started adding different style jackets and pants. This was an important phase because I started adding different accessories like print socks and hair stuff.   Really quick 90’s inspired phase. I tried dressing like 90’s Britpop singers lol. A small step back I’d say.   Late 16 to current ( I’m seventeen ) changed my style over quarantaine . Asking questions here changed everything. I realized how much I loved my more dressy clothes and fell in love with the l’ecole des femmes clothes. I stopped following trends and went for mature more romantic and currently Victorian styles. Man repeller slightly masculine inspiration too. I wear skirts, tights , blazers, dresses, hats, neck scarves and blouses now. I also sold my years worth of converse and vans to buy oxfords and heeled dress shoes. Though my peers understand it a little less I have never been happier. Very confident in my style currently.    [Quick note - It may seem crazy to change my style so quickly but when your young you tend to go through clothes more quickly as you grow and teens tend to be more rough on clothes ]   Thank you for reading : )
text:what are your fashion flaws?	labels:Maybe it’s not a flaw, but, whenever I find an outfit I like, I will wear it on repeat and then it becomes boring to me.
text:What are "iconic" items that you should know about, and their basic history? What items can singularly be identified as "starting a trend"?	labels:Trench Coats!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - February 14, 2021	labels:HVD 💌	episode_done:True
text:Common Projects Resort Classic Review	labels:If anyone is looking for a size 42 BNIB resort classics lmk, $225ish, just recouping what I paid. (They are 👌🏼 , I just overbought)	episode_done:True
text:This might be a stupid question but I’ve never used eBay to buy clothes. Is there a certain way to do it? Lol I stopped using eBay years ago when I kept getting ripped off 🙄	labels:Personally I only use ebay when I'm looking for something really specific, usually either an exact item that I know my size in or a specific type of vintage item.  That makes the search function much easier to use.  (You can also set alerts to tell you when something that fits your parameters is posted.)    Check measurements, look at the photos carefully (and make sure they're the seller's photos, not stock photos, with the possible exception of new overstock items), and read the condition description.  Ask questions if you need to.  I don't order anything without measurements unless it's a contemporary item and I already know my size in it.    In terms of getting ripped off, check the seller's feedback.  You want both positive feedback and a lot of feedback.  But ebay's changed a lot since the early days.  I've never not gotten what I thought I was getting.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 05, 2020	labels:My Greats Royale’s just arrived in the mail and I’ve never owned shoes made with nicer material than killshots. Upon first try-on these Greats feel really stiff; I assume they just need to break in? How long before they break in and feel comfortable? Also, what should I do to keep them in good condition and extend their life? Is water repellent stuff good? Leather lotion?	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 16, 2021	labels:Hey guys. I'll be posting the "How do I style this" thread again tomorrow. Can't believe it's already been a month.  Get your weird jawnz and regretted impulse buys ready.
text:Outwear for a funeral?	labels:Agreed on not worrying about outerwear. If you look clean and respectable, no one will bat an eye. It'll be the last thing on anyone's mind.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 26, 2020	labels:Looking for good quality men's black skinny jeans with a higher rise. My husband, a punk in his 30's, complains that he can't find jeans that sit high enough on his waist. Any recommendations? He's really into quality denim so I would love to find something nice for him this Christmas. ☺️	episode_done:True
text:Is Y2K fashion coming back organically or is it a result of progressing the 90's comeback to the next decade since that trend seemed to work out?	labels:Everything eventually comes back in fashion.  Personally I would love for 2000s jeans to come back - not super low rise or the ones that were bedazzled or laced up but just normal rise bootcut and flare jeans. I have a few from that era that I still wear all the time and a couple more that I had to replace with similar ones from poshmark because I couldn't find them in shops.  I also miss 2000s makeup. Sure, there was too much body glitter and candy colors but there was also the fresh dewy look of blush and a light lip gloss - think Britney Spears in her Oops I Did It Again video, or Mandy Moore's makeup in her video for Candy. Not everything in the 2000s was horrible lol.
text:Reigning Champ - Construction Quality of Pima Jersey T Shirt vs. American Giant	labels:Sorry, the RC are worse to you in this scenario?	episode_done:True
text:Reigning Champ	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Balenciaga FALL/WINTER 2021 (Afterworld: The Age of Tommorow)	labels:once I buy these outfits I will no longer look like I belong at the dung covered peasant convention	episode_done:True
text:Trans-friendly fashion and brands?	labels:If you're over 5'8" (which is statistically pretty likely), then Long Tall Sally might be worth a shout. They're geared towards tall women of all sizes, mostly basics and fairly generic in terms of style, but some of their stuff might be just your thing. They have a long history of inclusivity. They're also unfortunately going out of business so everything's on sale.	episode_done:True
text:Seriously, I love how skinny jeans and leggings show off my calves and ankles. And they don’t make my hips look any bigger than flares did, even now when I actually have bigger hips. I also tend to wear my shirts right at the widest part of my hips instead of above it or below it, which apparently is a pear shape no-no. Oh well.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:A few years before you could get Champion at Walmart it was a higher end brand on the same tier as Adidas and Nike. So it went from hero to zero now back at hero.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge Announcement: Corduroy	labels:I'm definitely going to do 2 fits. One fit that's entirely corduroy head to toe. And another more serious one.
text:I actually hate my Ruggable. I love the design, but it is horrible for a house with dogs that shed a lot. The only way I’ve found to get hair out of the rug is to get down and scrape it with my hands. Since using the vacuum with the brush (which would normally loosen hair) separates it from the Velcro and causes it to wrinkle, it’s impossible. Also, the edges are always rolling up.   Ok, end rant!	labels:Try a designated floor hair brush	episode_done:True
text:'Silk and Steel' NPR Article Discussion	labels:Interesting article. US urbanite perspective here, as I feel that’s important to state.   “Clothing is the barometer of change”   It’s interesting to think about the roots of what we now consider “classic pieces”, only coming from the last century. It makes me think about what changes we will see moving forward, and how classics may shift with shifting norms.   When I think about French fashion as a whole, as diverse as it it, the dominant idea is that of the Parisian bobo woman, a bit undone but thoroughly classic. Neutral colors (described as dye shortage, and also mourning),pops of color (described as identifying with a political allegiance) trench coats (wartime utilitarian piece) a nice wrist watch (wartime utilitarian piece). Clear connections. The roots are there. It makes sense. And practical! Don’t pull out your phone on the metro if you don’t have to, check your watch instead. Protect yourself from the urban grime and constant wet with blacks and greys and throw on a trench.   Import that idea and it’s further diluted. Current urban dressing has been reduced and simplified and given a new context. Along with increased production and lower quality, it feels so disconnected to me. Think about a flimsy fashion trench coat, or a thin pair of combat boots. Hollow, right? Think about a robust trench coat or thick, protective combat boots. A little excessive for hopping on a train or an uber to dinner, no?   I’m longing for clothing that aligns with my utilitarian needs again. I’ll reluctantly say, for now, long live loungewear!	episode_done:True
text:White/Light Denim Jacket Inspo Album	labels:my hero	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: No-Nonsense Professional Stately Fantasy Princess	labels:This is gorgeous! I wish I knew how to pick clothes based on an aesthetic but I'm not even sure what my aesthetic is lol.	episode_done:True
text:List of a couple of inspo albums	labels:For someone who doesn't know what he is doing 99% of the time, I love this.  Cheers	episode_done:True
text:I can’t say I’ve noticed	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 09, 2021	labels:YO WHAT IF FATIGUES BUT THE POCKETS HAVE BOX PLEATS HOLY SHIT I'M A GENIUS
text:MFA Brand MegaReview: Drake's | January 16, 2021	labels:**What brand should we review next week?**  Note that this is not a democracy. I'll take your opinions into account, but ultimately just pick what I want to pick.
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Casual Tailoring	labels:I like the tone-on-tone yet very different texture of 8, definitely needs the coat though.   I like 10 but I'm not sure I'd describe ot as casual?
text:Face Mask Reviews - Round II	labels:One that I've really liked is the Proper Cloth mask. You can get it in either around the ear or over the head elastic. There is a fair amount of color/pattern choice. And it's 3-ply: two layers of cotton cloth with a washable N95 filter in the middle
text:I feel this! I have a nice stack of beautiful alpaca & wool jumpers that are outerwear only for me. Even then it won't really be cold enough for that for several months.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:YES Wow, small world, that is my dad Malcolm Liepke I’m his son! So wild you know him. Saying I look up to my dad is an understatement. I’m very lucky to have grown up with such a unique outlook on the arts.  Thank you for the kind words, If I choose the Pratt path I knows it big gamble. I’ll have to live with the decision I make, I’m leaning towards Pratt but it’d gonna be hard convincing my parents.	labels:I agree with u/Reactionaire that a marketing degree is extremely valuable. I also agree that fashion is a field with no shortage of talented people. If you want to do actual apparel design, sketching, building concepts, technical design, etc I don’t see how you’re getting in the door without a degree unless you have an EXCEPTIONAL portfolio, even at at ‘mid-range’ brand whatever that is. Even FIT grads with exceptional portfolios have a tough time finding a job.   As someone who has worked in fashion in New York for over 20 years and hired for countless entry level positions, take it from me: you have to do the work.
text:Did you learn something new?	labels:Not really. It was an analysis for something specific, but went back to the original start of Coco creating Chanel, which was all apparel, hats, etc. at that time, followed it through the fragrances, and then onto today for the project	episode_done:True
text:Mayhem at Uniqlo in Japan as customers fight to grab the Jil Sander collection	labels:I’m waiting for the Bernie sanders collection myself	episode_done:True
text:The White Issue: Has Anna Wintour’s Diversity Push Come Too Late?	labels:Society has moved past the need for Anna Wintour.
text:Advice for: Business Casual for Pediatric & Adult home visits	labels:You can get a 30 minute style consult at Bonobos, which has a lot of washable business-casual options. Right now I’m wearing a ton of half-zip or quarter-zip sweaters that range from business-y to casual athletic. Under it, a white T is comfortable but still nice, or you can wear a plaid collared shirt. With chinos...or 5 pocket pants that bridge jeans and chinos. (Not a sales Person for bonobos...anything you like there you can get elsewhere)	episode_done:True
text:if i could i would only wear wool and linen	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 28, 2020	labels:it's that time of the year again where i think about buying virgils and then remember how much they cost
text:Recent Purchases - January 06, 2021	labels:Two pairs of Celine boots, as my SLP boots are starting to show some age	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 17, 2021	labels:Is there an opposite of /r/frugalmalefashionadvice?  Wondering if there is a subreddit with upscale items only basically
text:Favorite unconventional workwear?	labels:I work in tech and often love to wear fun shoes. It’s not really unconventional but given that everyone around me is always in sneakers or some kinda boring rain shoes, I love to show off a metallic silver oxfords or platform sneakers or like a cool platform Doc Martens. 😉  Edit: spelling
text:The Pajama Spectrum	labels:Undies and an oversized shirt, with PJ pants or sweatpants close at hand if needed :) If I sleep with loose pants on they always inevitably roll up to my thighs, so I just keep them near the bed lol	episode_done:True
text:Well see that’s my issue, I’m going to a general California State College Not an Art College. So even though I’m getting these doubles majors they’re not from a “good name school”.  I’m just at a crossroads, either I can grind out this double major (1.5 years) at my state school  Or transfer right away to PRATT or FIT, directly for fashion. But I’d have to go for 3-4 years.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Other than the conventional black/blue/white pants or trousers, what other colour pants or trousers do you own ? How do you style it ?	labels:I used to have teal pants I wore all the time. I have been looking for pink, berry, or mustard yellow pants all year and I haven't found a pair yet. The only colored pant I have now, is a hot pink satin jogger. But haven't had a lot of chances to wear them as special occasion pants , I got them end of last year and wore them twice out and once at home.   In the teal pant era (this was a long time ago) I wore them with my myriad of black and white tops - this is one of my faves. And also color blocking! If I can recall, I wore them with chartreuse, yellow, and pastel blues and greens. And light grey.   I love color blocking and often have had colorful bottoms, I just mixed them with whatever colors I felt were complementary. I had a couple of cobalt blue skirts, and I think some pants as well. This color goes well with just about any bright. I wore these with pinks, greens, and yellows.   In my brain, mustard yellow is a neutral, so it goes with basically everything. Hot pink pants - this for me, in my wardrobe, works with other shades of pink, maybe burgundy, grey, and yellow. I do to have many other colors outside of these, so that is what I wear. I also like pink with greens.   I say pull out your color wheel and see which pairing you like. You do not need to be limited to neutrals.	episode_done:True
text:What is your ideal first date outfit?	labels:Pre-COVID, my first dates were all super casual get a drink at the bar deals. I also work in theater so generally I was coming from work on a Friday or Saturday night so I really did need to do the “day to night” transformation you always used to see in magazines. So my usual outfit was a variant on black skinny jeans, low-cut tank top/slim fit band shirt (I date a lot of punk guys, go figure), with maybe a thin drapey waterfall sweater and/or leather moto jacket, and black combat boots. I’d add some more dramatic lipstick (bright red was a go-to but also brown, orange, purple) + big earrings at work and be good to go.	episode_done:True
text:I was just complaining about this exact thing. Would it be so terrible to have at least a month of temperatures around 10 degrees?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What’s your favorite winter fashion staple?	labels:Lace trimmed camisoles under V neck sweaters, warm tights, and realizing that if you arent using public transportation you arent usually outside and trying to look cute for more than 5 minutes at a time. I stopped doing a lot of layering and just got a couple of coats for the various weather to put over things I like to wear inside. Being sweaty inside your coat is the worst.   Dressing to wait for the bus/train is a different story.
text:Does change in climate = change in style?	labels:I moved from a place that was overcast and rainy most of the year where even the summers didn’t get warmer than 24C and the winters were around 10C to a place with hot (30C), humid summers, rainy and overcast late falls and cold (-10 to -30C) winters and where spring is so short it doesn’t count as a season. Boy has my wardrobe changed. I wear dresses, baggy pants and shorts in summer, the stuff I wore all year (jeans, t-shirts, sweaters, light rainwear) in the former place now works for fall. I wear layers of Heattech and down in winter and very rarely leave the house in a dress and only then if I’m going by car. Uniqlo has replaced Lululemon as my favourite place for basics. Since I walk and take public transit all year round and my outerwear is what most people see me in during the winter, I’ve got a closet full of winter coats and winter boots. It’s taken nearly a decade but I’m ready for every possible occasion and temperature and every storm.	episode_done:True
text:i used to care about this when i first made my waywt gram but then i realized my friends / family don’t give a shit about my clothes   depends on ur people though i suppose	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 21	labels:Thoughts on the School Uniform Men's Squall System Shell jacket from LandsEnd? Been eyeing this one since in store they have the ‘donate a coat and receive 50% off a new one’ !  Any other brand recommendations for a hard shell?  Or the Expedition Winter parka? (I was maybe trying to buy a Hard and soft shell jackets separate)  Location is NYC if that gives a better idea on what I’d need!	episode_done:True
text:What trousers do people wear these days?	labels:The Dahlia Pull-Up pants from Costco. They're comfortable enough with the elastic waistband to wear at home constantly, but also business casual enough to wear on normal workdays/when I want to go out.	episode_done:True
text:Handbag conundrum: lesser know (and lesser seen all over the place) or standard luxury designer bags (think the usual Gucci, YSL, LV, etc.)	labels:Definitely buy what makes you happy. The fact that you have looked at the high end, well known brands and came away disappointed indicates that (this season at least), they aren't for you.   To answer your question directly: for me, personally, showing my own style is 1000% more important than showing the status of a luxury brand. Do the two sometimes overlap? Yes, and that's fine. But I don't personally get buying something *just* because it is a certain brand. Who are you trying to impress? What are you conveying with that logo (wow, you're well off? What kind of message is that, on its own?) I just feel like people who are super into labels, not the design or the style or anything else, just come across as kind of immature? The truth is, anyone worth spending much time with isn't overly concerned with what logo your bag has. (Now! I will concede there is a difference between showing off luxury brands and having higher end items, in some circles. Like, there could be some tension if you're hanging out with super millionaire socialites and everything you wear is from TJ Maxx...but in that case, I'd still say its important to focus on personal style first. And knowing about smaller higher end designers, rather than designers you can buy at a mall, is a whole different thing too...)
text:I make custom quartz pieces (similar to parts of 4) for what i consider super super cheap	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Hats and how to wear them	labels:Honestly the biggest issue with hats for me is wind. Especially in England. I pretty much exclusively wear extremely wide brimmed hats because I'm still doing the  'wide brimmed hat for a witchy vibe' thing - especially on a bad hair day. I find that very feminine romantic looks really suit hats like this and I have similar large straw hats that kinda go with anything soft and flowy in warm weather. The appearance of cottagecore really helped bring back big beautiful straw hats, including ones with large ribbon ties for the neck/chin.	episode_done:True
text:>Damn here in Canada they can be $30+  dam....  i kept looking at the site thinking to myself, "no way it can be that much for 1 pair, how many comes in a bundle?" but did not see such thing lol	labels:When I switched to darn tough I did it gradually. Their sucks are tougher wearing so last longer than what I had been wearing before. Plus any time they wear out you just return them for another pair. Eventually my socks were all darn tough. And if you want very thick socks, look at the hiking section, that tends to have the most heavily cushioned options.	episode_done:True
text:How do you guys work towards avoiding fast fashion?	labels:You don't have to make your own clothes, but learning to do some basic repairs (reattaching buttons, patching a small hole or fixing a split seam with needle and thread, maybe using a sweater shaver/depiller or waterproofing your leather shoes) can be really helpful in making things last and look nice longer - so maybe your 2 pound shirt lasts 3 years instead of 2, which means you don't need to buy as many in the long run.	episode_done:True
text:Jil Sander, the Queen of Minimalism, Is Restarting Her Collaboration With Uniqlo - +J Redux	labels:Jil: a perfect name for a minimalist
text:In their minds they’re geniuses for min/maxing their cloth spending in a strictly utilitarian way and they need to prove that people who dont do that are “dumb people with more money than sense”	labels:	episode_done:True
text:My moms dryer has a wool setting though. It's just called 'wool' and has an 8 min timer, but I've never tried it.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Effortless style - let's exchange tips and tricks	labels:I mean, I'm not sure my actual effortless looks would fit your definition of effortless, because its a dress, nice shoes, and braided hair with some basic jewelry i almost always wear - it takes less than five minutes,  but probably is not appropriately tousled.
text:Hiking Aesthetic - Functionality vs. Fashion	labels:I think you could look up Vancouver, Seattle, and Portland (both Oregon and Maine) fashion. Some may not call it fashion, especially them, but it's a look. Things like your normal work clothes with a puffy jacket or beanie. Or an insulated skirt with tights for the winter. Crossover shoes like LL Bean boots, Kodiak, Teva (boots, shoes, sandals), and other brands work well on casual hikes and in the city. Knit sweaters and a rain jacket. Base layers so you can wear that cute top and blazer even when it's cold outside.  Does this help?	episode_done:True
text:Matching shoes & purse	labels:I don’t think fashion has any rules anymore unless you’re royalty or it’s cultural.   I personally don’t like matchy matchy bag and shoes unless I’m going for a monochrome look. I tend to match tones rather than colours. I like a patterned bag (say Gucci dionysus or Fendi zucca or LV canvas) as opposed to patterned clothes because I find they blend in well with a variety of outfit choices.   If I do colour, I will make sure the tone matches. I can’t stand mixing warm times with cool tones. Eg I have a cool tone lilac paid of heels that I love wearing with my cool tone magenta bag.   You can also do opposite sides of the colour wheel with shoes and bags like a green bag and a purple/magenta pair of shoes. But again keep to the same tones. The key with fashion is the tone of colours, and that includes neutral colours too. I would always suggest everyone does a colour/tone analysis and then stick to buying items in that range. It makes mixing and matching easier.
text:Also I want to add that a lot of fashion bloggers or Instagrammers just wear outfits for the photo and that’s it. They’re not running around all day in them.	labels:Yea I only wear things I'm confident in wearing all day, hence why I only wear heels every other day.	episode_done:True
text:But also let me second a ruggable rug. Follow the care instructions to ensure no corner rolling, but it's a fucking godsend for our weird condo and wood floors.   There's like, 12 feet from our front door to our back sliding door and it goes through our living room space. Ruggable, while not plush, appears to be durable and has done a great job of protecting our wood floors and not allowing dirt to track too far into our house.   We also have one in the kitchen space because I am chaotic af in the kitchen and often accidentally drop knives. In our old kitchen, it'd be a stab in the linoleum, but in the new kitchen, our wood floors are safe and sound from knives and the inevitable spills.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 24	labels:We're living with my in-laws during covid. Last weekend we visited our house, and I decided to bring back all of my sweaters and flannels in an attempt to force fall weather through sheer force of will. It's working! This week has suddenly been all grey, and the evenings are cold enough I need to throw on an overshirt. This is quite a surprise for an area that consistently stays t-shirt weather through Halloween.
text:General Discussion - January 06, 2021	labels:Been noticing a lotta new blood in waywt lately. Ya love to see it 🥲
text:idk, his face reveal recently makes me question his mass appeal.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Are LBD’s really a MUST?	labels:Not a must in my opinion.  I had some black dresses a couple  of years ago and I never wore them.   What works for someone else might not be for you. Don't feel pressured to buy stuff you dislike just because someone else says you (and all other women) should.	episode_done:True
text:2020 Christmas Gifts Thread	labels:I got a weighted blanket! I've never slept better, honestly.
text:I love that your dad was so involved!	labels:He still is! Even though my sister and I are 17 and 19 and have jobs, he still buys us things he finds on eBay for cheap when he’s bored at work. My sister and I love fashion now so we talk about it a lot and he has picked up on our favorite brands, the ones he remembers best are Free People and Zara. It’s so funny when he’s opening his packages of car parts and archery supplies and opens up a dress or jeans that he forgot he bought for us lol.	episode_done:True
text:Celebrating the Basic Grey Sweatpants	labels:Yea idk but hoodie = grey and sweatpants = navy	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 13, 2020	labels:The long comment thread below got me thinking.   I feel like we live in a time where dozens of fashion subcultures are able to exist at once. I've never seen so many designers and brands across several "genres" all thriving so well.  Saying something isn't "in fashion" just seems wild to me right now. Because honestly I think what's "fashionable" is exploring your own personal style and aesthetic. Being yourself is what's currently cool, and I think that's dope.
text:How do I feel more comfortable "dressing up"?	labels:I get it, I'm a nurse who is also an introvert who loves fashion/style. Its tough because we can't express ourselves at work, and I've also felt insecure about wearing my best clothes on the rare occasion I would go out (especially nowadays), and feeling like no occasion is good enough to wear my nicer or different clothes.   I still struggle with it, but my advice is to incorporate items slowly and consider how things can be dressed up or down. For example, I have some shorter skirts that might be a bit of a statement on their own, but I'll bust them out in winter with a sweater, scarf, and leggings and go grocery shopping. Simple and still casual. I do the same with shorter dresses. A nicer top and jeans is not over the top by any means. Try pairing a nicer pair of shoes with your jeans to dress down the shoes (and dress up the jeans i guess!)  As for asking why you're so dressed up, I don't see why people have to comment in that way, but I'm guessing they mean no harm. I typically get compliments from friends on my stuff but they also enjoy style, so if you hang out with people who aren't into it at all then they probably won't get it, or maybe they are interested and are in the same dilemma as you. Either way, the appropriate thing to do would be to compliment your skirt or top or whatever, not make you feel weird about it. I think "because I like it" is actually the best response. How can anyone argue with that? If you want to be petty you might say "oh, don't you like it?" and see how they respond, I'd actually be curious. The more you wear your nicer things the less you will be asked. Fake it till you make it! I've worn things out that I thought maybe was "too much", and people might stare but for all you know they are admiring your look, and occasionally I will get a compliment from strangers which is a great confidence boost.
text:The Evolution of My Style As a a 21 Year Old Hijabi	labels:Love a cinched waist and love pearls <3 your style is great! I'm the type of person who wears a lot of black but has a secretly huge love for pink, so your pink/rose outfits give me life.	episode_done:True
text:Anyone else missing party clothes?	labels:Yes! I have like a whole drawer of what I consider to be my ‘ho’ clothes. Totally impractical for wearing out right now, but I miss doing a full face of makeup (including lipstick people could see!) and getting dressed up.  Honestly I don’t think trends move the same way with going out wear as it does in other areas of fashion. A body con dress or some fun short shorts are usually good for a couple years imo. However I’m definitely the first to admit my taste leans more towards trashy and loud than special event most times, it also gets worn to rocky horror showings pretty regularly so that’s my kinda vibe lol.   I did buy a couple of pieces at the beginning of this when I thought it would just be a few months, but since then not really. It’s been more about comfy casual since that’s what my weekend look like now.
text:What female TV characters do you think are well-styled and worthy of imitation?	labels:Villanelle in Killing Eve
text:I thought the same thing but didn't enjoy the experience as much as I thought I would.  I'd get very into Devoa or dark suiting or something instead.	labels:That's what I'm doing. I have a couple Julius and Individual Sentiments blazers and blazer-like jackets. They go well with Layer-0 boots.	episode_done:True
text:Hello! Yes, it's me! As a general comment, big thanks to this community for posting my posts so often. It can be tough to write on a regular basis, and it's genuinely very encouraging and appreciated when I see something has been posted here, and to see kind comments. Honestly, a big and sincere thank you to the community.	labels:I love Die Workwear, I could read you waxing philosophical about a RRL jacket any day.   The small cities article is one of my favorites.
text:True, but I think people also need to be smarter about where they shop. OP seems to be shopping at either crap brands like H&M or way overpriced/luxury brands, or she doesn’t know what sales are. Because I can find cashmere sweaters from luxury stores like Bloomingdales or Bergdorf Goodman year-round for $100 or even lower.   Edit: I did a quick search for women’s cotton sweaters at Nordstrom and they have many 100% cotton styles on sale in the $20-30 range...	labels:I can't remember if that is one of the brands that is made by forced labor (Uyghurs) in concentration camps (western China). If so, another reason not to buy from H&M.	episode_done:True
text:I've been slowly building a collection of jewelry (mostly rings) and I think the trick is to have a couple of things minimum at all times. Wearing just one ring or bracelet alone feels a bit off to me, and I found that people challenged me less when I wore a couple of items as opposed to one.   At least, they stopped asking me if I was getting married any time soon.	labels:Yes totally. And at least to me it feels like you planned it and you know exactly what you're doing. It's looks intentional. Like you're pulling it off and you know it.	episode_done:True
text:Everyone should ;)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Plants and Fashion: A Marriage of Obsessions	labels:I love plants, and really enjoy leaf as a print in addition to florals. I think it’s nice to pull from nature besides flowers. However, I can’t stand the prints of monsteras on everything. To me it feels a bit lazy and literally just sticking it on because they know plants are popular now. the monsters pieces I’ve seen have not seemed thoughtful in the pattern choice. Anyone else feeling that?   I think a lot of it will burn itself out as a fad, but hope the fun prints with leaves and different florals stick around a bit longer.
text:I can absolutely understand this. I am an aspie and I buy things because they look beautiful, often not even using it, just because I have the inner urge to take it with me because it is beautiful and I also think others maybe think it's beautiful and so they maybe like and accept me more. My wardrobe is crazy as well, like elegant, boho, goth, japanese fashion, girly stuff lol But it's so destructive to buy so much stuff. I found out I'm trying to fill the void in my soul with it and am only impulse buying when I either found a new special interest (at least a bit understandable) or when feeling lonely, depressive and not motivated for any hobbies. I decided to go to therapy now to better myself and the financial situation.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:> Just got one, not necessarily this brand  So simply a boot, any boot? Meaning your question is just what to do about squeaky boots? Sounds like daily questions thread material.	labels:Issue, too, is that usually shoes come in a pair. Squeaking could be the bare foot on a wood floor, too.	episode_done:True
text:I use the app Closet which is great for creating outfit based on sigle item that I have. All my items are inside the app so it help me also for shopping (prevent from buying again a black dress if I already have 10 😅)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 07, 2020	labels:Looking for a semi lightweight raincoat to go over a suede valstarino jacket. Was looking at other valstar options but not too sure. Would like something more on the formal/tailored side.  Budget of up to 600usd, but lower wouldn't hurt	episode_done:True
text:Negative Self-Talk re: Fashion Choices	labels:I don't think there's anything wrong with preferring dresses and leggings and it doesn't inherently signify that you are somehow unworthy for pants or "letting yourself go".   The thing is, historically speaking, dresses were actually far more practical for a woman's body due the cyclical changes we all experience, from menstrual bloating/cramping, to minor weight fluctuations, to pregnancy and breastfeeding (historically there wasn't much choice about the last two but obviously now there is), cuz you could cinch up or let out your dress depending on how you were doing.   It's only now that stretchy fabric is truly mainstream that pants have truly become as practical and cost effective in that they can tolerate a lot more cyclical size changes, which are *normal*.  Edit: not to mention all the times people would gain and lose weight due to the availability of food.   I'd say I have a pretty confident mindset and 90% of my non work wardrobe is dresses and skirts/shirt combos. I wear undersummers in the spring and summer, leggings and sweater tights in the winter and I've gotten SO MUCH MORE USE out of my dresses... They lasted me up until my 8th month of pregnancy, I barely had to buy maternity clothes.  I have been able to wear the same knit dress/leggings combo at 180lbs prepregnancy and later at 210 lbs post partum and still look cute.  What pair of pants could pull that off? Almost none, I tell you.  Saved me a lot of $$$.   No matter what I weigh, I always have a bit of a belly, so most pants dig into that anyways, which isn't comfortable. Only truly high waisted stuff feels ok, but I don't want to wear that in the summer.   It sounds like disordered thinking is creeping up on you, and you may have to consciously remind yourself that there's nothing wrong with enjoying comfy clothes that don't restrict your abdomen.
text:What materials are worth paying more for? What equals quality?	labels:Linen, silk, hemp, organic cotton, wool, cashmere. Natural is always better, generally speaking (excluding rayon/bamboo which is a natural derived synthetic, but including tencell which is eucalyptus.) And construction matters too, as does fabric weave. It’s so hard to judge quality online! I usually judge by touch and fabric hand and stitching quality. I have a degree in fashion design though so touch is the easiest way for me to identify a fabric! Personally I avoid nylon or polyester and consider it cheap. It is rarely high quality unless it is a high performance weave or treated, and even then it gets stinky easily. I only wear it for technical outdoor gear, like for hiking or swimming, for everyday wear, natural is always worth paying more!	episode_done:True
text:Best and Worst Purchase of 2020	labels:Worst: A 2020 Planner.   Best: A Dog (Currently fast asleep beside me)
text:Does anyone have any visual guides for how clothes should fit	labels:I think part of fitting issues are not necessarily visually seen, but can be felt, or worst only show up when you wear an item.  First thing try to look at how a garment fits as if it were just lines and curves and if there is anything there you would neaten or straighten or erase in photoshop. This can be things like something fitting uneven (might be too loose on top, or a skirt might be too tight and pull up at the back on the waistband), or button lines not laying flat , doing this () rather than this ||, or wrinkles under the armpits (too tight), or cameltoe.  Then there is wear, something might look right on the mirror, but turn out to be too tight or too loose or too short or too long when you wear it and walk around. Skirts and dresses slipping up, or you stepping on their hem when walking up stairs. A mistake I do despite that I  should know better but do not, I buy too big in he shoulders tshirts or blouses and then their neckline slips around during the day making it look a bit askew or showing bra straps.  Then there is aesthetics, what is one person's right fit might be another's too tight or too loose. I have mentioned I do not like when the buttons of tops do this () but some people do not mind. I once mentioned that I think a leather jacket or trend, even if meant to be worn open always has to be able to close properly or it looks visually too small, like the flaps even open look wrong - that comment got downvoted a bit  so clearly there are different opinions	episode_done:True
text:Congratulations—so exciting!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 19, 2020	labels:Not sure if this is the right thread but do you guys have some sources of sartorial advice for brown men? Without meaning to ruffle any feathers, I've noticed that most places on the internet cater either to white men, or black men. Nothing really authoritative for those of us who are in between the two :(	episode_done:True
text:Is this not the circle jerk sub?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:This one is really clever	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do you dress in a casual work environment if you really enjoy fashion/dressing up?	labels:I would suggesting even wearing a more business causal version of your current style and then fine tuning it from there. You always want to look nice on your first day/week and rather be over dress than underdress.   I also feel like if you set the bar too low, when you do start dressing up it becomes more noticeable than when you start dressing down. In experience people are less likely to point out how causal you look but the will point out when you dress up. It's not usually ill-will, more like oh do you have a special event or whatever later?   We have a pretty casual office and we have a lot of people in varying function and formality. We have a lot of jeans and tees, but we also have people in button downs&slacks, dresses and heels, etc. Also literally, we had a guy on campus that wore a wizard hat all the time. At the end of the day, no one really cares.	episode_done:True
text:Hardly anyone is actually walking around in the baggy jeans! It’s a few mirror pics, maybe a street shot or two and then back to their bedrooms, lol	labels:	episode_done:True
text:You definitely have a point. While this collection leans more graffiti, I think the rest of his art is a bit more abstract than a lot of graffiti art I’ve seen (though in fairness I don’t follow the graffiti scene closely), and the sweater vests and puffy coat showcase that for me. Maybe I’m just excited because I’ve been eyeing some of his art prints and now his art is available in the form of fashion. I’m also very curious to see how they will translate the colab to RTW and if there will be additional prints that pop up there.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Has anyone just said screw it and focused more on fit than color scheme for your outfits? What's an unlikely color combination that you ended up loving?	labels:Black and navy. IDGAF anymore lol.	episode_done:True
text:As a fellow 5'2" person I 100% agree! I can't wear heels due to medical reasons, and I love my maxi and midi skirts to DEATH. Oh no I look short? News flash, I am	labels:I love this sentiment so much. I look broad shouldered? I do because I am! No amount of messing around and stressing about clothes will change that. I want to enjoy clothes, and though "flattering" can have some useful input in that it's not the be all and end all.	episode_done:True
text:Engineered Garments Fall 2021 Menswear Collection	labels:I wanted to hate it, but I couldn't stop scrolling despite the ads. Not my style at all but I can see myself incorporating some of these into my fits.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 16, 2020	labels:Yee I got offered the job
text:Somebody else loosing so much time to choose the right item to buy when looking for something? I feel it cost me more in time when I try to buy responsibly.	labels:Yup exactly. It's a combination of getting the item you want, made with the right ethics, and for the right price. I try for all three and manage about a third of the time (second hand item from an ethical producer that looks right and fits). For other things I give up on one, i.e. raincoat that fits the first two categories but is new and therefore £££, or underwear that doesn't fit great but is ethical and moderately priced.      On the plus side, in theory they'll last longer than an item made to a lower standard, so less time spent buying in the long run.     You don't need to be in love with the item for it to be the right one though. It's nice when that's the case, but for many things lowering the bar a bit to functional+ethical is probably more achievable.	episode_done:True
text:Guidi Leather Tannery Family History, Interview	labels:I appreciate what they do, but I'm not a big fan of blakestitched footwear beyond hiking boots.	episode_done:True
text:Does Anyone Ever Feel Like It’s Hard to Find Basic Clothing Items That Were Plentiful in the Past?	labels:I don't know if I'd consider a velvet dress a basic item.  My basic item is a good quality fitted tee and tank.  Old Navy used to be the place to buy these things but their quality has gone downhill a lot.  I just want a tee or tank that is good for layering, but is not so sheer that I can't wear it alone.  Is something made with fabric heavier than tissue paper too much to ask?  (And by fitted, I don't mean the Everlane oversized/boxy fit.  If I wanted that, I'd shop in the men's section.)
text:Purses: Real vs. Faux Leather?	labels:I find real leather looks much better in person compared to faux leather and will age much better year over year. A faux leather purse can look nice when you first get it but it will quickly be obvious it's of cheap quality and that can make an outfit look blah whereas a good quality leather bag can elevate an outfit and make you feel chic and hold up year after year with proper care! I find a real leather bag is more sustainable as well since you wouldn't need to repurchase it again soon compared to the faux leather which would not hold up as well over time and thus you would need to repurchase over and over.	episode_done:True
text:It's not just a lack of interest and taste, it's a straight up disdain for fashion as a hobby. They view women who care a lot about fashion and makeup as shallow, vapid whores. But they also feel obligated to look attractive to men. So they need an "easy" fashion strategy that will help them look pretty and feminine and classy, but not in a way that suggests they put a lot of effort into it. Red pill women aren't the only ones who buy into that line of thinking but they're definitely more overt and conscious about it.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Do you feel constrained fashion-wise by not wanting to (or being able to) wear heels?	labels:> This would not be such a problem except the outfits they are posting oftentimes do not look good without heels, especially for people that are short like themselves! Midi skirts that hit at an awkward spot, long billowy trousers, etc.  This may sound like blasphemy, but I'm a genuine shortarse and I wear *both flats and heels* with those things. And usually lower, blockier heels because I don't want to break my face on the pavement.   If I could take a decent selfie I would be all about that fashion blogger in flats life. Alas.	episode_done:True
text:The MFA Fall 2020 Fit Battle	labels:Yo, /u/cdot5 , where's that cableknit looking blazer from?  Also, you kinda dress like a modern vampire and I'm into it.	episode_done:True
text:My thoughts of the Cote&Ciel Isar L after a year	labels:Holy shit I can get something similar at IKEA for just 50 Euros. This is ridiclously expensive.
text:My Wardrobe Post: Based on what I currently have, what should I wear with what? And an essay reflecting on learning to dress better.	labels:Just stopping by to say that you write really well.	episode_done:True
text:Your Chore Coat Isn’t Up to the Task	labels:It's ok to let people enjoy things.	episode_done:True
text:What do you like, fashion-wise, about loose-fitting clothing?	labels:A loose-fitting garment with the perfect drape does a lot of the same things a well-fitted garment does; it conceals what you don't want to see, enhances what you do want people to see, and leads their imagination to fill in the gaps with the best possible things.     My personal problem is that I've got a small, tidy waist paired with bulldozer hips and a substantial hip dip.  I find that wearing skirts that gain fullness just a few inches below the waist will help smooth out that hip dip so that all people see is that va-*voom* created by my waist-to-hip ratio.       I'm also a huge fan of knitted tops with batwing sleeves, since they almost never have any of the sleeve fitting problems that you often get in made-to-wear clothing, and that batwing... if it's  a cropped shirt, or it's tucked into a high-waisted skirt, trousers, or belt, creates a line pointing straight to my waist that I'm probably emphasizing anyway because it's my only good feature.     Also, gigantic, hideous sweaters.  Like just a huge pile of ugly with legs and a head poking out.  That is some real luxury right there.	episode_done:True
text:FAQ: Why/ when/ how do you cuff jeans?	labels:**Why:** to make the hemline higher, to provide a visual break between your pants and your shoes (useful if they're a similar colour), or because they are raw denim that will bleed on your shoes excessively if you don't. I suppose some people also cuff in order to flex the selvedge ID, but why condemn yourself to a life of fruitlessly hoping that somebody will notice your selvedge ID?  **How:** idk, you just kind of roll them up. Usually a width of about an inch looks good, but experiment with wider or narrower cuffs as well as with the height of the hem and see what looks good.
text:Shitpost Saturday- Call for Submission	labels: - It's 2am and you're browsing r/FFA when someone suggests that fast fashion is the pinnacle of ethical consumerism and class. What outfit do you wipe your cheeto-fingers on before jumping on the thread?  - You're interviewing Trump about his most recent political faux pas. What do you wear to deter unwanted advances while hiding your visible disdain and still trying to extract answers?  - An animal from the zoo escaped and you've been hired to replace said missing creature.  - It's New York Fashion Week. Quarantine Zoom edition.  - You've been invited to your ex's rural wedding. Now is the perfect time to debut that revenge outfit you borrowed from Cher.  - You're on your way to tap dance on your former friend's grave. You've never forgiven them for tagging you in the unflattering photo on Instagram or for letting you get bangs that one time.  - Your bestie thinks she can out Minimalist you. Unlikely.  - You woke up with a heightened sense of heterocis, middle-class, white, male privilege. Today's gonna be a long day of mansplaining. What are you going to wear to impress the ladies everytime you say "actually"?
text:The most talked about fashion moments of 2020	labels:weird they didn’t include last week’s cape discussion	episode_done:True
text:This was my thought OP. I thought that I had straight hair all of my life up until after high school but it turns out that I actually have pretty wavy hair. I just never knew it because I never let it grow longer than an inch. I’d keep letting it grow out, it may just take time.   Congrats on beating cancer!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 14, 2021	labels:Say you fall right in between a size Medium and a size Large  If you buy a medium, it might fit you perfectly to start, but could become too small if it shrinks even a bit.  A large, on the other hand, starts off way too baggy, and would only ever fit if you were able to force it to shrink a ***lot***.   What would be the better option to go with? Assuming that tumble-drying on low is a must, and non-negotiable aspect of this, is it safer to get the mediums and just hope for the best, or buy the larges and then purposefully try to shrink them a full size?
text:At their prices I should think so!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Lessons from a Year of No New Clothes	labels:Your comment about thinking each new piece will “complete” your wardrobe is so spot-on - I’m the master of convincing myself that once I have a [insert item here], my clothing collection will be complete and I’ll never need anything again. Surprise, surprise - there’s literally always something new that I “need” to “finish off” my wardrobe.   Like you, I’m trying to learn to work with what I have and narrow down exactly what I feel best in. I like high-waisted everything, plain tops in neutral colors, subtly patterned pants, button-downs that don’t need too much ironing, and a variety of jackets and shoes to switch things up. (Which I already own in spades.)   For 2021, I’m hoping to curb any non-necessary shopping impulses and am creating a shortlist from which I cannot deviate (as there are a few items I still want to add, such as a camel coat and a ski bib).	episode_done:True
text:Seconding this from Colorado. My apres ski style is my Uniqlo Heattech shirt, Patagonia 1/4 zip, and some kind of wool leggings. And snowboots. I look just as shabby and sweaty as everyone else in the brewery/lodge!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:4SDesigns FW21	labels:Just FYI that a lot of the pieces fit large, for FW20 at least. I wanted to buy the navy Melton frock coat (coat in look 2 and 17) and my TTS felt like 3 sizes too big. I get it’s meant to fit oversized but I probably could’ve sized down two sizes and still have it be oversized.  I still want the look 17 fabric so hoping retailers pick up smaller sizes or the sizing gets more normalized.	episode_done:True
text:Become a Tailored Suit Pro - Guide	labels:Those suits are so tight.
text:All good points, but I think that’s why we can’t always look at just clothing. We need to look at how someone carries themselves.  To use myself as an example, I think on paper i might sound like I dress like a rich American WASP heir, but if you look further, I think I make many choices that. WASP wouldn’t do. The same goes for the other dressers in the article who wear brass button jackets- none of them *overtly* looks like a college Republican	labels:I think you're right that on paper you fit into this, but really looking at your fits you don't dress at all in the way that I think is bad. I was talking more about (what I imagine to be) the typical r/navyblazer user, not you specifically. You dress very "trad" but not at all like "I (want people to believe that I) come from old money", which is what I find icky.  I really like your navy blazer too. I'd buy something like this in black.	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone take their “power color” really seriously? Basing a whole wardrobe around one color - not just choosing an accent color for a neutral capsule?	labels:It sounds very eye catching and unique tbh. I’d say go for it. Even if you thought it was overwhelming, you could break it up by adding a contrasting colored accessory. That way the eye is forced to divert to something other than the main color.	episode_done:True
text:> shirts were super long and over your hips, but tight- never tucking them in  This. Crop tops was not a thing after the late 90s and really early 00s until they were brought back recently. Meanwhile jackets and hoodies are at waist length so you get that layered effect from your tee always sticking out.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I feel like undergrads are the only ones who make their stem degree their whole identity. Once stemlords get out into the real world they chill out.  But maybe my friend group is the exception.	labels:Idk some people replace their personality with their thesis and become equally as insufferable.	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: The Fun Coats Club	labels:Yes to this! I have a red Valentino brocade coat that I’ve had since high school that I still love to death. It’s a blue brocade with floral and I absolutely adore it. I am trying to dress more colorfully but it’s very difficult given that most winter clothes are in neutrals. I feel bleh in those.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - February 15, 2021	labels:Covid has been super rough for me cause I’m a Pretty extroverted dude. This place has been great for allowing me to interact with people. Just wanted to say thank all of you for being so welcoming and putting up with my weird lil ass. I really do think this forum is special and I wouldn’t change a thing if I could. Every one of you is my homie. Love you all.
text:What are your favorite (not too expensive) ring sellers?	labels:I bought a piece from Silver Embrace Jewelry on Etsy. It's a gorgeous piece and a steal for the price.	episode_done:True
text:Runways have been sending out 2000s vibes. Anyone onboard?	labels:I thought we all agreed that we can't wear low waisted jeans because we're all too fat 😫😭
text:General Discussion - January 01, 2021	labels:Happy New Year! My 30th birthday is on Jan 6th and I have no idea of what to do. What did you guys do for your birthday during the pandemic?
text:I have the tank francaise and I can’t say enough about it, it’s the perfect watch, and it’s reasonably priced.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are your favorite (not too expensive) ring sellers?	labels:SongsOfInkAndSteel, CharlieCG Jewellery and AnnaRei jewellery, all on Etsy. Delighted with my rings from all 3 of them.
text:All lessons you could learn from a careful watching of Hello Dolly!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The side cutouts are giving me flashbacks to those awful homecoming dresses from 2012. Who thought that needed to be brought back?!? "You know what women like? Exposing the excess fat on their torso so everyone can see it!" I never got into the cold shoulder trend, but at least I didn't feel like that was displaying the least flattering parts of my body.	labels:> "You know what women like? Exposing the excess fat on their torso so everyone can see it!"  And even if you have a bod that looks great through these cutouts while standing up ... god help us all as soon as we sit down
text:Recent Purchases - December 20, 2020	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Can You Wear a T-Shirt Under a Blazer and Not Look Like an 1980s Leftover?	labels:I still maintain that a t shirt with a tailored jacket is not a good look. It's a clash of formality. Same reason sneakers look odd with a suit. That doesn't mean you can't wear a t shirt or sneakers, just that they don't look good with those particular pairings.
text:Knit Tie Inspo / Lookbook	labels:I never have occasion to dress this way (especially now) but god damn do I love knit ties.	episode_done:True
text:I have to say I don't see them as hard rules, but more like principles of how to understand what looks good and what looks tired/tried-too-hard. For example, the rule of having only one white thing or not wearing necklaces and earrings or similar. I think it is a way of simplifying a formula of how to dress well, rules are easy to remember. At least it is my perception of what they are saying.  Yeah, concerning affordable items... It is above my reasonable clothes budget. I don't have to look expensive for my job and I would rather splurge for a good trip, books or a course. This is pragamtism for me.	labels:I know they say they that they are not hard rules and that nobody needs to follow them, but sometimes they sound condescending when talking about things that don't work for them and that's what I don't like.	episode_done:True
text:What Are Your Regional Fashion Stereotypes?	labels:Columbus, Oh - I'd believe it if you told me that everyone under 25 bought all their clothes at abercrombie and everybody over 25 bought their clothes at JC Penny
text:The issue with Aligns isn’t the quality. It’s the fact that it’s one of their most delicate fabrics. Most people wear them for workouts, and they’re really only designed to withstand light yoga.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Also, be conscious about the "need" aspect. People tend to say that they need a new sweater, when they really mean they want a new sweater in a different color to match better with some stuff in their wardrobe.  I stopped years ago with those kinds of purchases, because I realized the "shop sustainable" is just talk from people that want to keep buying while not feeling as wasteful.  I haven't bought any clothes for years. No shoes. I have huge style holes in my "fashion matching wardrobe", but I solve that by just not wearing certain items together.  The truth is, it's a bit boring, from a fashion standpoint. I sit there show creaming my old boots and fixing a hole in my bag. But then again, if you already have a sweater, you don't need another one. If you already have a pair of summer shoes, you don't need another pair, no matter how bad they match with some things in your wardrobe.  If one always keeps this in mind, it will feel stupid to replace a super basic pair of pants that are beyond repair with a pair of pants that don't fill the most functions possible. Aka, no sequin pants that can only be worn with heels and a tube top.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Fashion trends	labels:Mid rise pants, though they seem to be on their way back. Much more flattering on my body shape than high rise.	episode_done:True
text:Black is Beautiful, Braids are Beautiful, Bald is Beautiful: Ayanna Pressley as an icon of feminine professionalism	labels:Thanks for sharing, her style is incredible!!	episode_done:True
text:I love this story! It was meant to be!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:BoF: J. Crew's New CEO has a Survival Plan: Edit out the Ugly	labels:i just feel like their price points are so high and the quality can be kind of mediocre. they’re stuck in a weird place where their pricing is too expensive for the average consumer who’s trained to expect bargains and too cheap for someone who buys luxury or higher end pieces.   even with their random extra 50% off sales, it’s still above what people expect to pay. but then again, madewell is thriving. (though i think that has more to do with being able to capture an on-trend aesthetic.)
text:Fucking Jersey is getting legal weed before NY somehow.	labels:Jersey is gonna get those sweet sweet tax dollars from people in nyc coming over for weed	episode_done:True
text:UK food supplies fucked. Hooray!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Styling suggestions: Have an item you don’t know how to wear? Comment here and let someone style it for you!	labels:Brown j crew linen shirt. I wore it with some seersucker pants over the summer but didn’t really know what shoes to wear with it and I’m not sold on the pants either.	episode_done:True
text:It looks very uncomfortable and hot.  I mean just on your arms alone your denim jacket is going to not lay flat(unless your outer jacket is too big for you).    I feel like there are a lot of options that just look uncomfortable, even without thinking about it, I would be confused by seeing this in the wild...	labels:	episode_done:True
text:J. Crew is a popular option, and they sometimes go on clearance. Check out Suit Supply and Spier & MacKay as well.	labels:Yo I bought $450 one 50% off	episode_done:True
text:Coveteur: An Ode to the Striped Shirt	labels:I wear an absolute assload of stripes so I can appreciate this. My friends and family who are actually french canadian also always laugh at "stripes are tres chic much francais" like. Theyre stripes.  Also, horizontal stripes make my boobs look bigger lol so I'm always here for that.	episode_done:True
text:Can we talk sleepwear?	labels:I’m a big fan of a silk nighty if it’s a little warmer outside, but I will get cold too if I try to wear that into winter! I’ve found that Nordstrom typically has really good sales on PJ’s/ lingerie in general. You can get a lot of stuff for half off!	episode_done:True
text:Agree. I have a strong aversion to tiger and zebra print for some reason, but i go crazy for the dotted/spotted variety, croc, and snakeskin. The tiger/zebra just seems tacky or something.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Can you show us how you set up your spreadsheet? I’m interested in doing the same thing but not sure how I should format it.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:For those who actually MISS clothes/makeup/getting dressed up.	labels:Here with you. I've started getting dressed and putting on makeup just to stay at home all day and it helps my mood for sure, but the times I do get to go out I get *so* excited for. I'll dress up just to for a fire in someone's backyard. But on the upside, getting dressed just to sit at home gives me a lot more confidence to try things I wouldn't have tried before and hopefully will be more comfortable wearing when restrictions lift.	episode_done:True
text:Brands Want In on the Vintage Fashion Boom	labels:vintage / secondhand internet markets are gonna take over this decade but i'm not a fan of brands just recycling old designs over and over  on the other hand my REAL stonks go brr so i'm happy	episode_done:True
text:What’s your opinion on (modern) 90s-inspired fashion?	labels:I'm waiting until we get to the part of the baggy jeans trend when people learn about the ripped, soggy backs of their pant legs that come from the jeans dragging on the ground. Enough of that this time around and the trend will cycle to something else.  signed,  someone who dealt with many, many ripped jean legs.
text:There is no unmarked woman	labels:Everyone is marked if you know how to search for the rarer markings.	episode_done:True
text:Alexander Wang faces sexual assault allegations	labels:Yooo wtf lol. That’s whack	episode_done:True
text:Better With Age: 10 Things Better Bought Used – Put This On	labels:He forgot to mention thongs	episode_done:True
text:Thoughts on ski / apres ski style?	labels:Just wanted to say that I also love the glam ski vacation look! But like others have said, maybe it's not the most practical if you're actually going skiing. Depending on where you live, maybe you can incorporate elements of this style in your everyday life when winter hits. Big luxe faux fur coats, boots, etc	episode_done:True
text:Effortless style - let's exchange tips and tricks	labels:Gonna weigh in for the fatties, nothing looks effortless, just sloppy and like you haven’t showered in 3 weeks unless you’ve put in a maximum amount of effort into well fitting clothes, hair , nails, makeup , shoes and accessories. Every. Single. Day.  But I don’t have time for that BS.
text:Feeling self-conscious with changing style around family - anyone relate? Tips?	labels:My family always comments on what I wear if it’s not super casual. My dad will comment if it’s revealing and my mom will comment if it’s fancier than the occasion calls for. And usually this will be done with a sarcastic question like “where are you going?” or similar when obviously I am not going anywhere because we are quarantined, and heaven forbid I decide to put on a nice outfit to boost my mood. I’m lucky that my family is at least a real-pants-in-quarantine family. If I couldn’t even wear jeans without getting a comment, I’d be sad.	episode_done:True
text:Can you link to their amazon store?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What's been your experience with men's stores/departments?	labels:I work at a mid-higher end men's clothing store and we have women come in regularly for themselves. I can honestly say we 100% don't care who tries on/buys our clothes! We're just happy to help you find something you like and are comfortable in :) The only reason I can think of why you might not be able to try clothes on is if the store doesn't have their dressing rooms open, which unfortunately is the case for a decent amount of retailers around me. If you feel uncomfortable you can always just buy items you think you might like and return them. When it comes to pants I do know they're cut to have extra room in the "bulge" area. I'd recommend finding a lower-cut mens pant just so there will be less room in the fly. Welcome to the world of actually opaque white clothing!	episode_done:True
text:How to combine colors	labels:Lol. The Safiya video got me in stitches when I watched it a few years ago. The colors selected for her were soft, muted, pink and mauve, which suited her so well.  After she did all this make over, she immediately went back to her black on black. Lol. Well, it's her personality to like goth clothes.	episode_done:True
text:Chelsea boots under €200	labels:Honestly... if your feet aren't done growing just pick up a pair of ASOS brand chelseas. Not many other brands under $300 attempt the sleek SLP silhouette (even ASOS doesn't do it that well).   In my experience while the ASOS chelseas aren't amazing and don't compare to my Story et Falls at all, they're great for trying out the look and also holding yourself over while your feet are still growing. While they aren't great, they'll last you at least a decent amount of time. Lots of "budget" boot companies make chelseas but they're often chunky or have a very short and wide shaft which oftentimes isn't exactly what people who want chelseas are looking for	episode_done:True
text:I love the effort tho	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Or better yet— when they do notice you, they feel inspired to do them!!!   I can’t tell you the number of times I’ve seen my fellow ladies and gents decorating up the walls— and it makes me so excited to take chances on pieces I normally wouldn’t have considered.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 06, 2020	labels:What has been your crowning fashion achievement or something that you're super proud of?   For me it's probably that one time I made the denim pilgrimage to Kojima Jeans Street in Okayama and bought a pair of Kamikaze Attack from the owner himself. That or my wardrobe built on sample sales
text:1 Year - A Kmn6784 2020 Wardrobe Album	labels:Love how you document your clothes, do you do it in MS word or something else?
text:What do you get tailored?	labels:TBH? Everything. Pants, shirts, jackets. I tend to dress modestly, so if the hem of my dress or skirt are long enough, I'll get them brought down to lengthen the garment. But in regards to dresses, I've had sleeves shortened, necklines lowered and raised, a LOT of dresses taken in, etc. When it comes to fabric, if the dress is made out of a cheap, or flimsy material, I'll only get it tailored if I think the fabric is worth it. So unless the 100% polyester was crafted well, I don't think it's worth trying to save the garment. My general rule of thumb is that if I believe that the tailoring will be more expensive than the total cost of the garment, then it's not worth getting it tailored/buying the garment. I'd rather save up to get a better garment than do what I believe is wasting my money.	episode_done:True
text:If you could only have one overcoat, what would it be?	labels:Cold Laundry jacket	episode_done:True
text:Lol I missed that memo. That’s a good point. What exactly are mom jeans?	labels:Straight leg jeans but looser all around	episode_done:True
text:Do you have any pieces that "should not" work with your body that just seems to work?	labels:Don’t worry about rules.  Don’t even worry about flattering.  Pick whatever you have a visceral reaction to and you will look amazing.	episode_done:True
text:I completely agree with you! And thank you!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 02, 2020	labels:hey. i have a Christmas party or two coming up this year. and I was thinking about how everybody wears those novelty "ugly sweaters" they are all over the place. at ross, at sears at amazon. anyways im looking for a brand that would have a nice genuine knit sweater with a Christmas vibe but not overbearing.
text:Casual Fridays - What do you like to wear?	labels:I see business casual as an opportunity to express yourself a bit more. My casual Friday go-to is jeans (because I don't normally wear those M-TH) and a trendy sweater or blazer w/ men's type shirt under-- coordinating belt and accessories are a must for me no matter what day. Pair this with casual flats or boots. My Friday looks are less stuffy than my M-TH attire. I work in higher ed; it's not suits level attire M-TH, but managers on up shouldn't be wearing jeans during the week at my place of work. Friday is where I show a bit more of my personality. I never knew I had so much to say about casual Friday attire. lol	episode_done:True
text:What are some stores/brands that have surprised you?	labels:Old Navy has surprised me - their athletic collection is great. Some of the best leggings I own! Also like another comment stated, Abercrombie has come back in my rotation due to their rebrand
text:ModCloth Returns to “Independent” Ownership	labels:ModCloth is so sentimental for me lol. I was in high school when the twee fashion craze was really in its peak, and as a wannabe blogger I was all about ModCloth’s dresses and jewelry. I still love quirky pieces so I check their stuff out from time to time, but the quality seems like it’s really gone down since I was getting dresses for Christmas as a teenager.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 25, 2020	labels:If you care to give me a word, throw some recs at me for high-waisted, textured pants and similarly textured button-downs. Wool, tweed, whatever. Pleats or no pleats, I'll do either. One-pocket shirts, utility shirts, give it to me. I'm doing something different. Let's try to keep it under $200 per item. I'm casting a wide net here, toss anything my way.	episode_done:True
text:What are your go-to basic fall tops? I’m talking long sleeve tees, sweatshirts, turtlenecks etc!	labels:Thanks for asking this :) i have the same question! I used to get all my long sleeve shirts from Target but I’m trying to shop higher quality/more sustainable. I just bought 2 long sleeve shirts from Prana and they are very soft and flattering. They were on sale when I got them, I don’t remember if they’re within your budget if not on sale.	episode_done:True
text:Michel Foucault's Iconic Style Evolution	labels:The guy in the jean-Paul Sartre picture is Albert Camus
text:Yeah, I know people with millions of dollars and they definitely have branded clothes/accessories. The main things are they aren't buying them *because* of the brand logo alone and they don't show off the logo. Like, if they're carrying a Chanel bag or whatever, they are just carrying it like a purse, they aren't shifting it so the logo is always visible and holding their arms funny so anyone passing can tell what it is (which is legit something I've seen people do)...but yeah, the idea that every really wealthy person is just minimalist and discreet is pretty laughable.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Thoughts on Shein?	labels:Controversial opinion, but, they aren’t that bad.   Let’s have some empathy for a moment: it is an absolute privilege to be able to shop at a sustainable store and/or to be able to buy secondhand. Imagine being someone who hasn’t bought new to them clothing in years because they can’t afford to and then fast fashion prices are waved in their faces on clothing that fits them and is their style. I’m not going to tell someone to not buy clothing from a place they can afford. I’m absolutely not doing it.   People demonize fast fashion because they look at it as black and white and don’t understand that, if you’re shopping at SHEIN, you likely can’t afford the more sustainable sources/you can’t find what you’re looking for secondhand. I’m plus sized. I can’t fit into and afford a lot of the sustainable brands out there. And, people buy out the “fashionable” plus size items in my local thrift stores to sell on Depop, so, I don’t blame people for shopping on SHEIN.  I’ve bought SHEIN secondhand and I’ve had items for years and I haven’t had any issues. I haven’t bought first hand from them in a long time but when I did, I never had any long shipping times or anything, either. I found the same defects I’d find at Target, like, a long thread here or there that I can easily snip off.   This goes for fast fashion in general—if you take care of your clothes and wear the appropriate size, you can make them last. It’s not like they spontaneously rip apart, you have to do something to make them do that. Steam your clothes to get out wrinkle. Tumble dry, hand wash, etc.
text:Those of you who, like me, don't have a closet (sob).. how do you organize your clothing/shoes/accessories/jewelry?	labels:I bought a rack or two, that I got from a home organization store!.  It is a bit untidy but works and I took over my foyer and it look like a “shoe farm” a tad much and a disaster but it is some what organized.  My accessories are scattered everywhere which needs a system, but will get to that.	episode_done:True
text:Your thoughts on leopard print (and animal prints in general)	labels:I like dotted animal prints like leopard, cheetah, snakeskin etc. I dont like striped ones like tiger or zebra.
text:Agreed. Supporting local women is more impactful than giving money to a company that you won’t always know the full intentions of	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Ghost Outfit	labels:Ooh I’m wearing one of my favourite dresses. But will my non-clothing appearance be the same now? Cuz I haven’t shaved my legs and my hair is greasy and in a messy bun.  Also I died of boredom.	episode_done:True
text:What’s a fashion rule you defy (dressing for your shape, weird color combos, interesting silhouettes etc) that you just love?	labels:Oversized on oversized. Lately i like pairing oversized shackets with wide leg or baggy jeans. Maybe it overwhelms my frame but I think it’s cool. Maybe I just look like a bag woman.
text:Learning to dress better	labels:First, I'd like to echo other commenters sentiments and say that investing in a good hair cut is absolutely worth it. Finding a good barber, hairstyle that you feel compliments your hair type and face shape, and that you feel good about are all worth it. I've never regretted putting in the time to find a good barber. Also, don't be afraid to try things, it is just hair after all. I'd also like to say just be patient with yourself and give yourself time. I started figuring out I cared how I dressed when I was in university, but my sense of style is very different now from what it was then (a lot less band shirts). So don't be afraid to try things and explore different styles to figure out what you like. Thirdly, basics (as other people have mentioned) are worth investing in. You cannot go wrong with a clean t-shirt and a pair of well fitting jeans. Fourth, shoes are worth investing in. I wish I would have learned that earlier. You can get most basic wardrobe needs for relatively cheap through places like uniqlo and they'll hold up decently well. But a good pair of shoes will last you a long time. I bought my first pair of really nice, high quality boots last year and it's a totally different experience. It's awesome that you are realizing you want to dress better, just be patient.
text:Pantone Color(s) of the year for 2021: Illuminating and Ultimate Gray	labels:This color combo feels so 2010ish. Like, when chevrons were on EVERYTHING and bubble necklaces were all the range.
text:General Discussion - January 03, 2021	labels:I feel like the folks in my neighborhood have, on average, started dressing much better over the past month. I've definitely heard that people are eager to dress up since going out is so rare now, but it's only recently that I've seen this myself. Textured sweaters, wide pants, bold color choices... it's all been happening. Anybody else been seeing this?
text:Handbag conundrum: lesser know (and lesser seen all over the place) or standard luxury designer bags (think the usual Gucci, YSL, LV, etc.)	labels:Maybe have someone make you a handmade bag to your perfect specifications? That way you get the cool/unique bag, are able to get super nice materials and it’ll last forever.
text:Congratulations and Welcome to our New Moderators!	labels:Congrats to wuz and flavor flav! big contributors and im glad to see you two as new figureheads for the community!	episode_done:True
text:What is your go-to favourite dress to wear in the cooler months?	labels:In the winter I love to wear oversized sweater dresses, long-sleeve skater or babydoll dresses, and pinafores over turtlenecks. I also often wear my spring/summer dresses with black tights underneath & a sweater on top.	episode_done:True
text:Your thoughts on leopard print (and animal prints in general)	labels:I don’t enjoy animal prints on myself, but I think that’s because I don’t enjoy prints in general. I tend toward solid color clothing, and then add interest with texture or hardware over pattern. The only thing I have in my closet that have any type of pattern are shoes, because I make custom sneakers for myself.   If you like leopard then rock it. I think there are a lot less stereotypes embedded with clothing these days, but maybe that’s just the area I live in right now. Especially with the popularity of 90’s trends and thrifting, I think people just like to see creative mixing and new combinations.	episode_done:True
text:I'd consider using one slot for a truly weatherproof shoe, or looking into a more weather-ready style than a sleek designer Chelsea.  Walking about in snow can destroy shoes pretty quickly, especially if you're dealing with salt and slush.  Regarding chelsea's having any point in that collection, that's highly subjective.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge Announcement: Layering!	labels:fuck where's that /r/streetwear post with the 15 jeans layered all the way down
text:Why It's Important to have a Style POV & Desired Aesthetic	labels:I really agree with this post. As I've gotten more into fashion I really have begun focusing on intention of a fit. Using jeans as an example you can wear jncos to slp skinnies and all can "fit" depending on the aesthetic you are going for. deciding that aesthetic and discovering clothes that fit within it is the most fun part of fashion for me.   I think it's worth talking about how you do this when your POV/aesthetic isn't so cut and dry as vintage menswear or repro workwear as well. That's where I  struggle. It's easy to copy/mimic things but mixing influences to create your own style is a difficult process because of the trial and error required.
text:Your favorite ___ for $___: House Slippers	labels:#What should we do next?
text:Black Friday Sale/Deal List 2020	labels:Cole Haan - 50% off almost everything	episode_done:True
text:What movie/tv show was styled the best?	labels:Obligatory Mad Men
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 28, 2020	labels:Dumb question, just bought a new MK wool jacket that should only be dry cleaned...should I dry clean it before wearing it?	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: You Are What You Wear	labels:I was born and raised in California which means I am effectively a lizard person—fragile and unable to generate my own warmth. I am forced to rely entirely on cashmere to keep myself from freezing to death.  I am a very luxurious lizard.  But if you look at the brands of all my cashmere sweaters (Grana, Halogen, C by Bloomingdales) I'm wearing the materials of the wealthy, but from pedestrian brands! I AM A POOR PERSON MASQUERADING AS A RICH PERSON!  And honestly, that's pretty much the most disgusting personality flaw one can have.
text:'Everybody will get their mittens': maker of Bernie Sanders' mittens forges business partnership	labels:OUR mittens
text:How do we feel about see-through totes?	labels:I work in a pharmacy and am not allowed to bring anything in unless it's see through so these may actually work well for me in this circumstance!  That being said, I feel like in the real world it's asking to be mugged or get your purse stolen if people can see exactly what you have in it and where the wallet is.
text:I ordered a couple of custom made shirts/sweatshirts from a woman on Etsy with some slogans I designed because I couldn’t find exactly what I was looking for.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 15, 2020	labels:Did we ever have threads like "someone should buy these sick items" and if we did, whatever happened to them? I've only been back to the sub for a few months after a years-long hiatus	episode_done:True
text:All-time favorite cold weather pieces?	labels:Rechargeable hand warmer and electric/heated socks; both can be found on amazon	episode_done:True
text:Alexander Wang accused of a history of sexual harassment - fashion in a year of reckoning?	labels:I work in fashion and feel that the rage and “do the right thing” mentality only lasts as long as everyone sticks together (during a moment like #metoo or the protests after the murder of George Floyd.) A lot of people working in fashion are on a gig-by-gig basis so it’s Everyman for himself as far as success goes. People will turn a blind eye to the wrong doings of companies if it means that they themselves can get another paycheck or take a step up the ladder. It’s not that they themselves are immoral but it’s a hard industry to make it in and you can feel powerless when you’re not at the top. When you are on your own, which is most days, you will lose sight of the bigger picture of an ideal future.  For example this summer I read that FreePeople implemented racist practices within their stores. I added them to a list of companies that I didn’t want to work for (I’m freelance.) A month ago I was offered an opportunity to work with them and even though on principal I didn’t want to, I still considered it because I need a paycheck and the name would be good for me to have on my resume and would lead to more work.  Until their are unions to protect freelancers the fashion industry will remain corrupt. Everyone is afraid of being blacklisted and/or broke.
text:m'TeenGentleSir	labels:*I can’t believe you’ve done this.*	episode_done:True
text:What pieces would you love "backups" of?	labels:This is pretty uninspired, but I have a lot of basics that I wish I had bought in duplicates, but didn't buy in duplicates, because I figured they were basics and I could always just get more.   Alas. The styles changed just a bit, and now I can't find the plain white tanks and tees I want because the sleeves and the neckline and the length are all just a tiny bit off. Thank you for reading along, this not-a-real-problem is very frustrating at times.
text:They can pry my high waisted everything out of my cold dead hands.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Tan France Masterclass	labels:Would someone who actually watches this report back what they thought? I'd love to hear from folks here what he covers and if they think it's worth watching.
text:Best White T-Shirts for Men 2021 - Wirecutter	labels:I’m a fan of the J Crew tees they rank highly. My favorite tee is the one they mention but in crimson. It’s a good fit, not too loose & not too slim. I’ve had it a few years now and even after many washes the color has held fast, although I don’t think it’s necessarily bad for some fading. It’s a v-neck that is not cut too low, which I like b/c it doesn’t show a tuff of my chest hair like some other brands do.	episode_done:True
text:This is what I was going to say. Neons are the worst.  I remember when I was in middle school and neon skinny jeans were a huge trend. I'm still haunted by the sadness I felt going into Ross to buy jeans and seeing nothing but a sea of pink, green, and yellow.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Things I'm Excited to Wear This Fall — Die, Workwear!	labels:Why would he call Hong Kong a functioning government??
text:Are your glasses part of your style?	labels:Oh absolutely I do..  try them!   A few of those online sites let you return if you don't like how they look on you :)	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 04, 2020	labels:Wearing shearling feels so fucking baller it's not even funny, didn't think I even had that much confidence in me. Good thing it's a fairly uncommon and expensive material, society would implode if everyone felt like this all the time.
text:General Discussion - November 17, 2020	labels:So apparently all you have to do to get reddit users to embrace avant garde fashion is to call is star wars influenced.  Wish I could say I was surprised
text:General Discussion - October 21	labels:I've recently learned from MFA that  if you are under 6' tall you are considered "short AF"
text:General Discussion - January 05, 2021	labels:If you're gonna slam a lurker please quote them so when the mods remove their comment I have the context. Please and thank you.
text:Saturday Vibe Check - January 03, 2021	labels:Here’s a vibe question-are biker jackets still cool in 2021?  Here’s a vibe suggestion-spin Stephen Malkmus’ album Traditional Techniques for an excellent chilled out Sunday mood.	episode_done:True
text:And the misconception that your opinions shouldn't and can't change and that doing so is some sort of failure of character.	labels:Absolutely, it’s natural to be defensive of your pre held beliefs but changing them based on new information/a revelation resulting in a different worldview is nothing to be ashamed of, growth is good, it’s ok to change
text:One Can Never Have Enough Socks - Happy Holidays MFA	labels:Decluttering and minimalism are great for many things  Sock drawers are not one of them	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone have a "uniform"?	labels:I often buy multiples of items I love. I bought several of the same cardigan after I realized that I wore it more than any other sweater I owned. It's great!  Another thing I do is, when I see an item I like, I mentally run through my closet and see if it will mesh with what I already own. If it works, I get it. If I'd have to buy several new items to make it work, I don't. For this reason, I don't own many t-shirts, but I do own lots of sweaters and dresses.
text:As a card-carrying member of the itty bitty titty committee and the owner of slightly too-wide shoulders, I love dolmans and find a dolman shirt with a nipped-in waistband incredibly flattering and comfortable, but I know I'm in the minority. They're not kind to busty ladies most of the time.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge Announcement: 6 Degrees of Separation	labels:perhaps i shall participate
text:My dating history is like my thrift store purchases: a multitude of low quality stuff that I hang onto for far too long	labels:It do be like do done that way be done do done that.  r/4real4me	episode_done:True
text:Whats with all the "stretchy mens pants" startups I am seeing all of a sudden?	labels:People are working from home. I guess everybody had the same idea, but they spent the last ten months starting up.	episode_done:True
text:I HATE NEUTRALS SO MUCH.  Five years ago I loved them and my closet looked like some gateway to sepia hell.   Now I can’t stand neutrals and all the fashion advice that’s like “only buy black, white, or neutral colors so everything in your closet can match!”   Fuck. That. Noise.  I’m into crazy colors now because they make me so happy to wear and I don’t feel like my soul’s been wrapped in a beige condom for eternity.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Saturday Vibe Check - January 03, 2021	labels:I've also been contemplating existentialism and the absurd again. Rereading The Plague by Albert Camus, as it is now more relevant than ever. I highly recommend it.	episode_done:True
text:What is the breakdown of $ spent for various outfits you actually wear?	labels:Uhhhhh \*nervous laughter\*	episode_done:True
text:FAQ: What are people's experiences with clothing challenges like trying not to buy clothes for a year/only buying second hand? What are some tips?	labels:I haven't solved it, but my biggest challenge is I like shopping.in person and my sizes are all just off normal.  I know I complain about it slot, but my feet are small and wide. Whenever I got to thrift store I find some shoes I can.visually but never physically.	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Single Origin	labels:Guy in the Hender Scheme snapped.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- November 03	labels:Hi everyone, I need help with ASSC T-Shirt sizing for the new MO drop... I’m 5’10” but not sure about my weight (it’s somewhere between 200-220lbs). I usually go L with Adidas shirts (since their XL is way too long) but XL for H&M and Aeropostale, what size should I go for?	episode_done:True
text:'Everybody will get their mittens': maker of Bernie Sanders' mittens forges business partnership	labels:Smart	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 04, 2020	labels: **Fjallraven Yupik Parka** vs. **Arctic Bay Nunavut Parka**   Fjallraven costs $660 and Arctic Bay costs $990 with 25% sale.  I know Arctic Bay outruns Fjallraven with insulation level and quality, but I liked the brand value of Fjallraven, and since it's almost $400 cheaper, I am still considering.  Plus I live in Vancouver, Canada where the coldest temperature is around -15 Celsius degree, so I do not need a Himalayan alpinist level insulation.
text:God I do not miss that feeling. \*shudder\* so gross	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Just how revolutionary is Harry Styles’ Vogue cover?	labels:It's not at all.  It's been done a million times before by musicians and actors and will be done again.  What's amazing and revolutionary is that it still pisses anyone off.	episode_done:True
text:Task Rabbit, Meet Chore Coat	labels:Chore coats are kind of played out at this point. What next, an article about carhartt beanies?	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone else not factor in pants when creating outfits? How to move away from this?	labels:Fellow ex—worshipper at the altar of jeans here! I have absolutely fallen in love with a pair of black flowy wide leg crop pants I bought a few years ago and they really helped me get out of the jeans rut. I can pair them with a tshirt for a very casual chill vibe, or something more fitted for instantly work appropriate. They were very much my “gateway pant” into the world of bottom-halves, and mixing up styles that have a more flowy or dressy feel to them - particularly as I’m not big on skirts and prefer to have that “always ready for action” feel about my outfits that pants seem to give	episode_done:True
text:Call for Moderator Nominations & Applications	labels:thanks for the nom, u/zacheadams!  >How much time per week do you spend on MFA?  lol   >What do you think about the current condition of the subreddit--i.e., what's good/bad, and why?  the sub is in good shape for the most part. we do a nice job juggling the “male,” “fashion,” and “advice” parts of the sub.  we have a strong regular community that creates consistent OC and there’s good (albeit sporadic) content from others as well  we could do a better job in terms of front page discussion for casual readers / lurkers. we’ve done a great job cultivating a space between r/malefashion and the MFA days-of-old, but there should be room for well-intentioned newbies to feel comfortable contributing to a conversation. threads like nay’s FAQ posts come to mind  >What changes, if any, would you like to implement?  not many changes in mind. slightly more (like once a week?) basic discussion threads like FFA has — either approving ones that pop up or creating them.  >Why do you think you can be an effective moderator?  i’m on PST and stay up late enough (just during quarantine) to catch the weird off-hour threads when they start, so i could nip those in the bud   i try not to argue with dummies too much  i really like the sub   >Do you bring any other skills or assets to the table? (CSS, /u/automoderator config, community management, comms, PR, marketing, etc)  besides being on reddit too much, absolutely not  >Are you interested in adding and/or updating content to the MFA wiki/sidebar?  o ya definitely
text:Tomorrow I move into my first place where I’m not just renting a room and it’s completely tile, so I’m thankful for this happy mistake!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 25, 2020	labels:Any of y’all ever been to Fukuoka?	episode_done:True
text:Do you guys default to a set of a few pieces even though you own a ton?	labels:yeah absolutely. i have a fairly small wardrobe (i counted and i have i think… 33 pieces total), but i've noticed that as it grows, there are definitely pieces that i reach for more often. i think you can use that information sometimes to figure out what you want. there are some things that i try not to wear much because i discovered that they don't resonate with me.  as for worrying about ruining nice stuff, i bought a deveaux cashmere sweater recently and remember that i was a little antsy about wearing it at first. then i realized: it'd be a shame if i spent all that money not to wear it, even if i paid nowhere near retail. as cool as i think some of the clothes i own are, i'm buying nice clothes to wear them, not to collect them!  if it helps, whenever i buy a new piece of clothing, i usually make a point to wear it as much as possible—even if it's just at home—until it's not a 'nice thing' to me, it's just another shirt or pair of pants that i own. maybe you can ease into wearing your nicer things by just spending a bit of time wearing them in the house?	episode_done:True
text:Oxford cloth button downs: a short historical inspo album	labels:The challenge is just finding anyone who sells OCBDs with a darn decent collar roll like Newman's.
text:General Discussion - October 21	labels:I've recently learned from MFA that  if you are under 6' tall you are considered "short AF"
text:Shopping my own closet for the perfect tee	labels:I wish more people still did this type of "help me with my closet" post. It used to be semi trendy on this sub a few years ago and I loved browsing through peoples wardrobes. I thought maybe it would come back with the YouTube trend "trying everything on in my closet" but no :(  Anyways, it's crazy to see how different shaped every t-shirt is considering they are all so the same. Different length and size sleeves plus waist cutting and its easy understand why people have so many of the same thing
text:Nice! Care to share a photo?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:We can just pin this to the top and close the thread lol	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Lurker's gonna be *mad* for this one, but if they don't see how well paired Joel's fit this round is, they are beyond helping.	labels:> Lurkers ... are beyond helping  It is known	episode_done:True
text:The MFA Fall 2020 Fit Battle	labels:Has this sub slowly turned into a parody sub?
text:-~~old~~ sport jackets  -"mom its a *casual* tie!!!1!"  -more pleats pls  -first baby pair of shoes were oxfords  -"*does he only have that one DBF coat, he can't fucking shut up about it*"  -pose consistency inspo: veroz  -simon-senpai apologist  -mark cho simp  -scarves hanging on wall for "decoration"  -slowly increasing bottle/cork collection	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 13, 2020	labels:The long comment thread below got me thinking.   I feel like we live in a time where dozens of fashion subcultures are able to exist at once. I've never seen so many designers and brands across several "genres" all thriving so well.  Saying something isn't "in fashion" just seems wild to me right now. Because honestly I think what's "fashionable" is exploring your own personal style and aesthetic. Being yourself is what's currently cool, and I think that's dope.
text:Honestly, it’s so hot and humid down here (south Louisiana) in summer that mostly all anyone ever wears are tank tops and shorts. I can’t imagine wearing anything with long sleeves, even thin ones, because then I just think of them clinging to my sticky, sweaty skin. What I’m trying to say is, actually living in the South is suffering.	labels:I apologise to the people who live in oppressively hot climates, because fashion isn’t a priority then. I however included some impractical fashions because I couldn’t help it. But when it’s sweltering, i’ll have my hair scraped in a no-nonsense bun, no makeup and a boxy airy top and elastic waist shorts.
text:Brands Want In on the Vintage Fashion Boom	labels:At least to me, the thing I love so much about shopping around at  vintage and thrift stores is that it feels so much less "corporate" than just going to a mall or ordering something off the internet. The more companies dip their hands into this area of fashion for profit's sake, the more life will be sucked out of it
text:If you could describe your style in 3 words, what would it be?	labels:Pumpkin Spice Girl.  [edit] alternately, Christian Girl Autumn (thanks, Buzzfeed)	episode_done:True
text:Seconded, it's also just an ugly style.	labels:Harry is such a genuinely sweet person I don't like how he's made up to be some fashionista because I find it doesn't always look natural on him. The Met Gala outfit and the flower-print suits he wore looked so much better on him IMO.	episode_done:True
text:Na na  Na na  na na   Say-hey  Goodbye	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I like your food focused fashion strategy!	labels:I mean this is more or less how i dress for life.
text:18 East October 2020 Winter Lookbook	labels:site won't load for me.	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone else not factor in pants when creating outfits? How to move away from this?	labels:*Cries in leggings*	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 17, 2021	labels:looking for some nice fitting slimmer corduroy pants that come in all black. wide wale is a plus but not necessary	episode_done:True
text:What are your 2021 Fashion / Style Goals?	labels:My style goals for 2021:  1. Be more creative with my style. I want to wear my more funky and unique pieces more often, and to make some of my pieces more personal by embroidering them with cool designs.   2. Shop my closet. I probably have about 60 pieces all together including accessories (I know this from my Stylebook app) and I’ve realized that I can combine them in all sorts of new ways to create many different kinds of outfits.   2. Take videos of my crafted outfits. This has helped me a lot in seeing what is working on me and what needs a few tweaks. For example, I took a video of myself wearing a tucked in fitted turtleneck with high-waisted jeans and a belt. I felt it looked very nice in the mirror, but for some reason, it looked off in the video. I quickly realized that due to my height, my high-rise jeans weren’t hitting me at my natural waist, but were instead fitting closer to a mid rise. After noticing this, I experimented around with what I had, and settled on adding a unique 80’s jacket which made it look a lot more styled and proportionate.	episode_done:True
text:What niche do you feel is missing from the fashion blogging/YouTube world?	labels:Alternative fashion bloggers... that aren't teenagers.  Super specifically, BIPOC alt fashion bloggers that aren't teens.  I'm not even picky at this point just post with some kind of regularity and give me something non-mainstream or trends with atypical but consistent styling behind and I'm in.	episode_done:True
text:[Inspo & Commentary] Rings	labels:A quick note about colored gold: you state that it is a different alloy composition which gives rose gold its pink hue, which is true. But there is no alloy composition for gold which gives it a truly white color. It is a Rhodium electroplating that gives white gold its brilliant platinum-like (as Rhodium is a platinum-group metal) whiteness, and white gold jewelry will absolutely require periodic re-dipping in Rhodium to maintain that color. Exactly how frequent is up to your body chemistry and wear pattern.	episode_done:True
text:i mean i didn’t even really dress athleisure all that often outside of the house before this shit, now it’s basically my uniform. Can’t wait to flex my closet again tho as u/husherhowl is sayin.	labels:Yes! I've got all these awesome pieces in my wardrobe and I can't wait to put them all together and show them off.  All this horsepower and nowhere to drive, you know?	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 19, 2021	labels:I never thought I'd become this person, but man, shipping costs really can fuck up my desire to buy something. I was just about to commit to buying another pair of sneakers and it's probably the best deal I'm going to find on them, added to cart, shipping info entered, billing info entered... $20 for the cheapest shipping option. No shipping codes available, no threshold I can cross to get free shipping. $20 period, no exceptions.  It's a $300 pair of sneakers discounted to $180, I guess should be able to rationalize that at $200 (including shipping), I'm still getting a better deal than what's available anywhere else online (only a few select retailers got this colorway, and all but one are sold out in my size), but still, $20 shipping feels *wrong*. My brain has been trained from years of online shopping that there should always be some way to get around paying for shipping, or otherwise, shipping should be cheap.
text:Anyone here has the habit of needing to buy a new clothing/set of clothings when attending an occasion/going somewhere?	labels:I did this when I was younger. And it caused a lot of closet clutter. So I decided to make a few rules for myself: 1. Limit the new outfit occasions to a small number of occasions. (Like my birthday! Or maybe holiday season).  2. Make myself wear said item 3 additional times during the year.  For all of the next occasions.  Like my b-day dress will be the wedding outfit. And going out outfit. Any for going to a play. And maybe even work depending on what I decide to get.	episode_done:True
text:*They hated him because he spoke the truth*	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Online Styling Services?	labels:In addition to all the wonderful advice above, some stylists on Instagram regularly have weekly blog posts or stories posts where they ask their followers to send in any styling questions and they give their advice for free!   Personally I recommend waiting if you decide to try any paid styling services until after the pandemic because it opens up the option for meeting with a stylist in person, and also it makes it easier to try on the various things they recommend in a shop/mall as opposed to getting a couple things in a few sizes shipped to you and dealing with returns. Plus, sometimes colors differ from screen to screen so if they are trying to give advice about colors that suit you, the monitor differences could potentially cause problems.	episode_done:True
text:What do YOU do with "chub rub" jeans?	labels:Not jeans, but I had this happen with a pair of (really lovely) charcoal wool flannel pants with wide legs. I ended up making the legs into pillow case covers for decorative throw pillows.	episode_done:True
text:Dressing 'out of time' (vintage/history bounding)	labels:I don't, but I have a few friends who live the gothic victorian life. The holy grail seems to be GothicCharmSchool (on instagram, she also has the website and the LIVE journal)	episode_done:True
text:I completely agree with this. I would add that suits should always be fitted for you by a tailor. It can make a cheap suit look like a million dollars.  I would just add that you should also be aware of the level of formality at your workplace. I work in diplomacy and anything trendy is a no-no.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:WEEKLY DEALZ!	labels:Alternative is 40% off site wide with code EARLY40 I just grabbed 8 things for less than $100.	episode_done:True
text:On Leather Belts in Classic Menswear	labels:Unintended from your post, but you may have convinced me to give side tabs a shot!  I'm normally a waistcoat kind of guy, so I've been trying to rock suspenders on my lower rise pants to avoid the belt showing. However, I've found that suspenders under a waistcoat are not particularly easy to work with in, shall we say, emergent situations with grumbling tummies. Side tabs seem like the answer to more waistcoat-friendly OTR trousers.	episode_done:True
text:Southern hemisphere ladies where do you get inspo from?	labels:I had the same dilemma when I moved down under 2 years ago! To be honest, I just started following popular brands on Instagram - Zimmermann, Bec & Bridge, Camilla & Marc, Dion Lee, etc. The algorithm took care of the rest, lol.   So I guess my advice is to look around at what the popular brands are in your locale, follow them on Insta and trust Zuckerberg’s algorithm to lead the way.
text:Celebrating the Basic Grey Sweatpants	labels:What are some good gray, unbranded, slim/jogger sweatpants for <$50?	episode_done:True
text:RRL on eBay	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Sorry, I forgot to add the fact that this a guy wanting to wear female clothing.	labels:Yes. I think that’s  understood.  I can’t see anyway of avoiding the baggage that comes with this. You just have to own it I think.	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone else wear one brand only?	labels:I stick within about 3 brands because I know how they fit and I can predict their sales/clearance patterns.
text:How do you guys find your style if you can’t try on clothes due to COVID?	labels:I’ve been going through my closet and donating/selling everything to clear space for when I can get some new stuff to go with my style changes from 20’s to 30’s. I’m teaching college now, so I really need to change my style so the students stop mistaking me for a student.   I took advantage of Zara’s big end of year sale online and got three amazing new coats that needed replacement in my wardrobe to begin with. I can risk buying tops online because the sizing is usually correct, but for pants, dresses, skirts I’ll have to wait for the case count to go down. I’m in AZ, so like, they don’t really have precautions right now, but I’m limiting my going out to just selling stuff and leaving. Built up some huge store credits!  Edit: right, I’ve been trolling style blogs, insta, and pinterest for months to decide on my new style.	episode_done:True
text:Uniqlo U 2021 SS Lookbook	labels:Time to begin the bi-yearly cycle of me shitting on the new Uniqlo U collection, popping into their store in person “for a quick look”, seeing the Uniqlo U stuff and liking it more than I thought I would, not buying any of it after talking myself out of it, regretting it, and coming back two weeks later only for it all to be sold out in my size!
text:Have your clothing purchases dramatically dropped now that we can't go anywhere?	labels:Yeap, I literally do not need anything anyway and since I haven’t worn my nice clothes in a while, the boredom of my old closet is turning into missing and exciting!!! Lockdowns were a good opportunity to play some dress up , mix and match different items to crate new combinations	episode_done:True
text:Depends how you define comfortable. If you want smooth sooooft material against your skin then probably not jeans. If you don't mind the texture but want something that doesn't restrict movement and can wear without worrying about getting it dirty, yea jeans with a small % of elastane can be real comfortable.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Anyone have a job that requires you to wear "work clothes" (nursing, trades, etc.)? What is your off-duty wardrobe like?	labels:I work in a medical lab, so it’s scrubs and a lab coat all day. On my days off I dress nice and do my makeup even if I don’t leave the house. I play dress up with my daughter with my nicer clothing so it doesn’t just sit in the closet until it’s safe to go out again. It feels good to be put together and not just wear sweatpants all day, even if we’re stuck home.	episode_done:True
text:42 Fits: A Not-quite Capsule Wardrobe	labels:Great normcore fits, the wardrobe you have works universally well	episode_done:True
text:White T-Shirt Tier List - Penguinz0	labels:uniqlo>	episode_done:True
text:What is the upscale version of Fashion Nova / SHEIN / boohoo / Nasty Gal? i.e. trendy + youth-oriented but not trash quality	labels:I don't know that these are much higher quality, but Express (for when you need to buy a club dress and a blazer in one afternoon), Tobi, BCBG/BCBGeneration, Good American. I'd browse through Nordstrom Rack's website, too. If you choose a "trendy" category (like crop tops or bodysuits rather than "shirts"), you might be able to find some items/brands that have a specific look throughout the rest of their clothing as well.	episode_done:True
text:What are your go-to, everyday shoes?	labels:I’m 50/50 between Chippewa Service Boots and a pair of high top Shoes Like Pottery.	episode_done:True
text:Review: Brunello Cucinelli Men's Deerskin Derby Shoes	labels:I have suede derbies and penny loafers from BC and like them both. The rubber soles are pretty comfortable and the suede is holding up well. Not sure how reconstructible they are and wouldn’t really expect them to last more than 2-3 years or so if worn frequently, also wouldn’t buy them for anything less than 50% off given the designer mark-up, but department store sales are plentiful.
text:Green Queens: An Inspo Album	labels:Ummm can we talk about how you showed green is for LITERALLY EVERYONE?? Kudos on your diverse and amazing fashion representation.	episode_done:True
text:any specific people you'd recommend?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:My gf said that you have good fits after looking through the fit battle albums	labels:I remember that time she was your girlfriend back before she left you for Danger.	episode_done:True
text:It’s 2021. A vaccine for the virus has been made widely available and businesses may operate at full capacity, including bars, clubs, salons, etc. How will this influence fashion?	labels:Fashion is going to be bling bling style again. Just loud and sparkly to make up for the sadness of this year. Those horrible velour tracksuits will be back, hopefully not in pastel colours because deeper colours will be more modern.   Same goes for makeup. Unlike the ashy pastel makeup from the bling bling era, I'm thinking deeper shades and shimmers, multichromes for eyeshadows. Glossy lips too since masks are gone and liquid lipsticks have been around for a long time, but with colours not clear like old times.	episode_done:True
text:Aimé Leon Dore for Drake's F/W 2020 Lookbook	labels:I really like Drakes. I get a lot of shirts there and sometimes ties. I have a top coat as well that I quite like.  With these suits I’ve tried them on a few times and they’re super boxy and wide and while I like them a lot, I think you’ve got to be super tall to make this look work. I couldn’t even imagine how goofy I’d look in a DB suit that’s cut like that.	episode_done:True
text:women also have different styles- some enjoy streetwear, some a short with chinos and chelseas. Just dress for the occasion and besides that wear clean and good smelling stuff that you actually like. You'll be much more confident which is much more attractive than the way you dress	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Engineered Garments Fall 2021 Menswear Collection	labels:Fantastic season, EG in good form here.	episode_done:True
text:Indoor layers	labels:This was so weird to me when I moved to somewhere cold also because I hated being noisy with the inner layer of puffers/vests and it was so hot in some rooms and frigid in others! I only wore my giant wool turtlenecks on the west coast where people don’t turn on the heat that much vs having to wear tshirts underneath the giant parka cuz the heater would be oppressive on the East. Sorry I don’t think I helped but I understand your confusion!	episode_done:True
text:That's very interesting. I find black (and actually yellow too) to be very difficult colours to try and work with. Black especially just seems very stark, as you rightly said, but it's interesting that you mention it working better than navy as I have found my navy one very versatile.  I'd be very interested to see some fits with them in your own distinct style and see what you do with them.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:WEEKLY DEALZ: "BLACK FRIDAY" 2020 EDITION	labels:**Non-American Retailers** (feel free to post both here and under the appropriate letter - this is an effort to help people find all non-U.S. in one place)
text:Does anyone else use a “formula” to create their outfits?	labels:As a maximalist, I just mix whatever colours, textures and patterns resonate with me. I don't love super strict rules about how many colours we should wear or whatever. More is more and fashion should be fun and have a sense of humour. I especially like making references to particular vibes (e.g. Latin American drug lords with colourful print shirts and gold chains, but really exaggerate it and make it more fashion-y).  Obviously, not everyone feels the same way. You do you.	episode_done:True
text:NYT: Jil Sander is back, with a new Uniqlo collaboration and a lot of opinions.	labels:Boston Newbury had stock in most sizes when I checked. Not too impressed by the fabric compositions but the parkas did seem nice	episode_done:True
text:'Silk and Steel' NPR Article Discussion	labels:You can accessorize as long as it’s safe. I can wear small hoops for field work but I’m sure a lot of factory settings would not allow hoops
text:Do you have a concept of "Par Value" in menswear?	labels:I really enjoy this approach, it reminds me of leveling up an RPG character. Pushes lots of my good serotonin buttons, and of course means I can sit on a bigger pile of cash and be financially independent sooner!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 18, 2020	labels:> You gotta be ~ attractive ~ to wear $thing. Rules 1 and 2 brooooo  >> This isn't helpful advice and isn't true.  > It's just a ~ j o k e ~ bro! Calm down.   >*3 paragraphs on why it's not a joke and no one should wear this*
text:Thoughts on ski / apres ski style?	labels:A word of caution: My aunt (an experienced skier) wore a fashinonable all white outfit skiing one day in the 70s. She went down a trail the wrong way and got lost. It took hours for the ski patrol to find her because it was hard to see her against the snow. She thought at one point she was going to have to spend the night on the mountain which might have killed her.    Don't wear all white while skiing.
text:Accessories newbie and am not sure where to start...what are your must-have starter pieces?	labels:I don’t have suggestions on specific pieces, but I love using Etsy to find new pieces when I need them.   Additionally, you should learn what type of material works best for you. Some people are sensitive to the cheaper metals (usually nickel which can turn skin green or cause infections). Sterling silver is a good bet and usually won’t cost a fortune (as opposed to gold).	episode_done:True
text:I love the idea of a weekend wardrobe! I work in an office where everybody is super casual (jeans and T-shirts) that whenever I dress up (wear a cute dress or even mini skirt + stockings in the winter), I get asked if I have plans after work or I end up feeling overdressed. So even if I do feel good when I leave the house, I feel super conscious by the time I get to the office. A weekend wardrobe sounds like a good plan!	labels:I was in the exact same situation as you a couple years ago! When I first started wearing cute clothes to work I def felt self conscious. I'm sure I got a lot of "why the heck is she so dressed up" stares. But I kept dressing cute and eventually people were like oh that's just how she dresses - i.e. you just gotta own it. (I did start slow though, so like I worked my way up from casual to minor upgrades to clothes to more cutesy looks)  Disclaimer: everybody's situation is different and this might not work for you. I'm just sharing what worked for me. :)	episode_done:True
text:His career is defined by this quote. He got shredded and makes heinous clothing to prove to the world that it’s what’s underneath that really matters.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 01	labels:I know we don't comment on body shapes here, but "athletically built with a belly" (size XXL) cracked me up a little bit.
text:[Review] TATRAS OFFICIAL BORGOGNONE DOWN JACKET, down for the city	labels:Good review:)	episode_done:True
text:Does your language affect how you wear colors?	labels:I speak English and exclusively wear pink.
text:What does your shoe wardrobe look like? What are your shoe essentials?	labels:I’ve just started thinking about this more and have a sinking feeling that my shoe wardrobe isn’t quite up to snuff. My favourite pair of sandals just broke and my white sneakers are getting very battered so I’m thinking they may be my next two investments plus some knee high boots for Autumn. I’m usually really good at wearing everything I own in my wardrobe but I’ve realised I have so many pairs of shoes that I’ve never worn because they cut my feet or need too much breaking in so think I need to be more careful in my choices there...	episode_done:True
text:Creative pragmatism light	labels:This style is surprisingly attainable for me after several years of hardcore minimalism. Once I got to a place where my basics are both on point and super pragmatic, then I have been able to incorporate a few Tibi and Tibi-like statement pieces into my rotation. I’m no longer a minimalist in terms of style - I like buying a couple “big impact” things every year to jazz up my clothes, especially oversized  or dramatic drape or “origami structure” on tops and coats. A single piece really changes an outfit and you don’t need many pieces in rotation to suddenly change your style. Amy Smilovic appears to do a similar thing - keep several things “basic” (neutral color, solid/no pattern, uniform texture, unadorned (no bling or fringes etc) and the play with one thing (her thing seems to be oversized fit and pleats).  The only reason I bring up minimalism is because I cannot emphasize more how much the basics being “just right” makes my dramatic pieces work. Especially with oversized, it’s a thin line between slob and stylish. Those big pleated dad pants Amy Smilovic wears? The rest of the outfit should be sharp or you look like you simply don’t know how clothes should fit. Not everyone needs to first develop an “unfashionable” base before reaching for both fashionable and pragmatic, but I did.   As for Tibi, I know them most for silks and for their origami shapes. GoSilk is a great option for patterned silk and Roksanda has the shapes. Ganni and Comme Les Garcons has some of the quirkinesses and oversized looks. But none of them are cheap either unless you score a good sale. If you can identify exactly what you like about Tibi, we can make more recommendations.
text:The best sweatpants — 11 pairs tested (full post in comments)	labels:Todd Snyder x Champion are also great.	episode_done:True
text:Check the cardigan thread in the wiki	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Yeah he says he was born in Rhodesia rather than Zimbabwe but I’ve never heard him wax poetic about it or anything. Both of his parents are older white folks and grew up in apartheid era South Africa/“Rhodesia” so I wouldn’t be surprised if they were pretty questionable politics wise.   Kudos to you for keeping track of right wing hate symbols. Might need some tips. I’ve got a Fred Perry store near me and I see some boneheads walking around pretty constantly. Should probably keep my head up looking for other signs too. Keep fighting the good fight man.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Counterpoint: my Kaptain Sunshine grey flannel trousers are as close to pajamas as a person can get.	labels:I have always maintained that flannel trousers are the more presentable version of sweatpants	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 05, 2020	labels:Anyone know where I can find Nicholas Daley clothes in LA anywhere other than Union?	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 12, 2020	labels:"[visually] small muscles = unfit" and "what good is it being able to run for hours if you're slow and can't outrun anything" have really made me laugh today.
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Holiday Spirit!	labels:Really like the crooklyn hat and Santa coat guy hahaha whoever that is must be really cool and be really cute and sexy and kissable hahahaha
text:I was going to say this - I “challenged” myself to buy only secondhand for a year but it’s been so easy it hasn’t even been a challenge and I’ve carried on with it! The downfall is the occasional thing doesn’t fit or look right, but I either re-sell it or practice my (rudimentary) sewing on it. If I buy something off eBay that’s high end and good quality fabric - and would be way out of my budget new - I take to get tailored, because I’m scared I’ll botch it.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The Instagram Account Showing “Ivy’s” More Eclectic Side – Put This On	labels:@berkely_breathes is an amazing account I highly recommend to follow on insta. The article gets into this, but the account dives into old thousands of old yearbook photos—which show off this “Ivy” style across both diverse people and people engaging in diverse activities. It really contextualizes how the “Ivy” approach can be for everyone and I think it deserves the recognition.	episode_done:True
text:Winston & Co. Shawl Collar Cardigan Review (But mostly preamble)	labels:I love the look the model is wearing in the product photos; simple jeans, plain tee, and chucks. That’s often my go-to casual outfit, but I always feel like wearing a shawl collar cardigan with a casual outfit like that somehow doesn’t match. Like the cardigan is too formal for an otherwise casual outfit. But the model seems to pull it off. What do you all think? Does a shawl collar cardigan work with jeans, chucks, and a plain v neck tee?
text:How Carhartt A Billion-Dollar Brand	labels:What a title!
text:"Which Sports Jacket Office Are You?" – Permanent Style	labels:As I march through middle age, I will become part of a generation of men who's "office photos" are in henleys and jeans and sneakers instead of Jackets and Trousers and Oxfords. Some archaeologist will look back and wonder what happened. I get side-eye for wearing a basic charcoal sportcoat as one of my cool-weather accessories.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 17, 2020	labels:I just got the new Feng Chen Wang x Converse CT70's at my normal CT70 size (US 10). I'm kinda anxious that they look like clown shoes on me lol. What anxiety I've had from wearing normal chucks have doubled with this pair.   Here's some pictures and videos of me wearing said pair. Is there such a difference between this pair and my other shoes? And yeah, I'll probably exclusively wear this with wide pants. I'm aware slimmer pants just fuck up the silhouette way too much.  Height is 173 cm. Average build, around 155lbs or so.
text:Maybe a turtleneck under the suit?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What would ___ wear? What Non-Fashion brands evoke a style/aesthetic?	labels:IKEA: block colour editorial. Lots of plastic/faux-leather and see-through items e.g. jackets, shoes. Quite angular-looking.
text:Been a big fan of Straye lately as well. Similar price point to vans and really comfortable.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 26	labels:What are the casual alternatives to OCBD and chinos? I know that in fact they are casual, but people just keep asking me why I am so dressed up, and they tell me that I am wearing dress shirt and dress pants.
text:Do you have any pieces that "should not" work with your body that just seems to work?	labels:I find most rules are trash, and ascribe to shaming women for having different features. If you have broad shoulders, a padded blazer with sharp lines can be such an aesthetic.   I find if you don't believe in fashion rules, there's always a version of something that will work for you.
text:where the pic	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do you guys who like a formal/business look manage to not look the same all the time?	labels:If you don’t like to switch up colors or silhouettes, how about switching up textures? Silk turtlenecks, velvet dressy pants, boucle jackets, etc?
text:Men’s clothing	labels:I’m not sure how much you want things that are made for men, but most of what you’re looking for is available in masculine cuts but with women’s sizing. Wildfang is great for suits and other androgynous pieces, and there are a ton of options for menswear-style clothing in general. Those will be easier to fit for sure.	episode_done:True
text:Best and Worst Purchases of 2020?	labels:**Best:** Outlier Ramielight Camp Collar in Dark Forest. Such a great shirt that I ended up buying a second one in white. My favorite thing to wear outside this summer whenever I did go out.  **Worst:** Beckett Simonon Morgen all white sneakers. Note, this is my second pair, and this time I decided to go with the all whites instead of re-upping on the gum sole. It's not that I don't like this, it's a combination of not a lot of clothes purchases this year (which has been great) while also not loving them as much as the gum soles. I still have my gum soles and I almost pulled the trigger on another pair this week since they had seconds on sale for $89.	episode_done:True
text:Runways have been sending out 2000s vibes. Anyone onboard?	labels:I thought we all agreed that we can't wear low waisted jeans because we're all too fat 😫😭
text:The Best Ways To Style A Blazer This Autumn.	labels:Lol, let's play.  1. "Go for a soft blazer" -- shows a gold button blazer with clearly structured shoulders over... an awful full-zip cardigan, for some reason. 2. Awful photo, the jacket could barely sit worse if they tried. 3. One of the least bad things here, and the dude is literally wearing his blazer with a white tee and sweatpants. 4. "Layer it" -- ah, the standard cliche. 5. "Wear it with this expensive moncler vest, who cares if it looks good? That logo is GIGANTIC!" 6. Two completely different suggestions, one of which is their second unhelpful cliche. Somebody clearly took the photo first and they wrote the tip afterwards. 7. "Play with color." Oh, gee, really? I was only going to wear a white shirt and gray trousers with a navy blazer, ever, but gee, you want me to *consider things*? Cool. Thanks. Super helpful, Mr. P. 8. "More formality" -- shows a wide-open denim shirt, sunglasses, a mess of bracelets under an open wrist...  Yay, I caught 'em all, what do I win?
text:Which higher end brands do you find to be "worth it" and for what?	labels:Tillamook cheese... for the white cheddar.  Edit: Oops, did see which sub I was in... umm... I think Loft is good, clothes last and always seem well made. I like the skirts.
text:Thank you for sharing that blog! I’ve been looking for things like this lately (:	labels:	episode_done:True
text:1 Year - A Kmn6784 2020 Wardrobe Album	labels:Really well done, I’ve been meaning to do something similar for my wardrobe. How on earth did you get the AE for $8? That’s an absurd deal. Seems like you’re pretty good at snagging deals though with the whole <15% msrp. Very impressive write up, thanks for sharing!
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge Announcement: Dress Like an Architect!	labels:Anyone have good inspo for this? The only architect I can picture is Ted Mosby
text:What am I supposed to do with my head post-chemo?	labels:If you do wanna chrome dome it, here are your best options:  * Getting buff as hell * Getting an awesome beard (not sure if this is an option) * Wearing a kick-ass hat (not the best option, but it can work).	episode_done:True
text:If the nylons are not too sheer, the thief can use them for their next robbery. Maybe it was all a part of the plan.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Fashion AITA	labels:I am fairly well-known in my community for my unique fashion sense, ropes of pearls, zebra-striped roadster, and two-tone hair. A woman I knew from my school days has a lot of spotted dogs. When I commented that they would make a beautiful coat, she became offended! AITA?   Edit to add: My husband is a furrier, if that helps your decision.  Edit again to add: I may also be a lot older than the woman with the spotted dogs and have a red and black roadster and no husband, depending.
text:Brooks Brothers's Future Looks a Lot Like Menswear’s Past	labels:* Less SKUs. The amount of stuff BB sells is overwhelming.  * Do away with there weirdly named fit system. Change it to Extra Slim, Slim, Regular, Thicc Daddies * Revamp the BB website. It's been terrible for a long time. * Have the athleisure stuff, but also focus on high quality basics, again with less SKUs. Have something like an "essentials" line. The Navy Suit. The Charcoal Suit. The OCDB. The Chino. The Wool Trouser. Without fifty million variations thereof. You go now and it's like here are three navy suits with different kinds of stretch, here are four more with some kind of temperature controlling fabric. Just give me a half to full canvas lined 100% wool navy suit in various fits and sizes. In other words, simplify your menswear line to cut down on SKUs, and that will give you more room to play with sheep on skis and stuff (i think that does sound kind of cute, very Ralph Lauren). * Do away with Golden Fleece, Red Fleece. Mainline only. Again confusing to the consumer. * Where BB could play more is in areas like sport shirts. By all means offer your classics like blackwatch etc., but other menswear shops like Sid Mashburn or Todd Snyder offer all kinds of fun prints and colors while still feeling like classic #menswear.  i dunno, just riffing my own personal desires for BB. i don't know anything about running a large clothing manufacturer and retailer.
text:Can we make a thread of everyone posting their all time favorite Halloween costume they wore? 🎃👻	labels:My dad made me a paper mache mask that had a gaping mouth where I could put candy in. All of the other kids in the neighborhood thought it was so cool and took turns putting candy inside the mouth. Best way to get extra sweets!	episode_done:True
text:Further info required on "dick bib t-shirts", my mind is boggled right now	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Never buy anything from FILA.com	labels:Don’t play their game. You wasted an hour playing their game. If it can’t be resolved online then I’m just filing a chargeback.	episode_done:True
text:Your Go-To Tee Is Actually a Turtleneck	labels:Not tried turtleneck tees but I own a couple of turtleneck sweaters (a thin merino from uniqlo and a thicker one from H&M) and even the thinnest one is too warm. I only wear them as an alternative to a scarf if I know I'm going to be outside all day and it's freezing cold. As soon as I go inside it's just _too_ hot, I feel like I'm going to pass out. It's like wearing a winter jacket and scarf in a sauna.
text:What are the most recommended items of this subreddit?	labels:Iron rangers  484s  Alden Indy  Duluth underwear  Darn tough socks  Schott / Billy reid peacoat  Vermont flannel  Uniqlo U/Supima  Ultraboost  Margiela gats	episode_done:True
text:You hit on the social aspect it can have too especially among friends.  You can get to know some of the stories behind stuff and why things do / don't work for folks. Ugh, I miss pre-2020 too - we'll get back to normal someday.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Using Pinterest to Help Find Your Style (or: how to tell Pinterest it is no longer 2012)	labels:Thank you for the in depth breakdown! I actually use Pintrest for most of my fashion finding needs and I've been in the habit of reworking my algorithm often. As soon as I start getting recommended a bunch of things I don't like I start unfollowing boards and abusing the hide button like crazy. I also went through and organized all my boards with the new subcategory option to combine a lot of my boards together.   Another note that might help people is if you can't figure out why your still getting recommended out of date pins, go back into your boards that your feed recommends from and delete the older pins that you no longer like. I went back into all my fashion boards and went to the pins I'd pinned when I first got into Pintrest (in like 2012) that were definitely no longer my style. Once those were no longer there to draw from my feed changed pretty dramatically.	episode_done:True
text:Reliable brands to buy in South America - Americans your opinions please!	labels:/u/bestmaokaina might be able to help you.  Personally, I think Tommy, Calvin Klein, Hugo Boss, and some lines from Armani are all low-end brands that bank on their names and established supply chains and distribution networks to get attention for cheaply made, uninspired clothing. Some Armani clothing is better, but it's all drastically overpriced. Lauren Ralph Lauren and some Polo Ralph Lauren are the same; some Polo Ralph Lauren is pretty good, but you won't find it in a Macy's or equivalent. The really good Ralph Lauren clothing is mostly only sold in Ralph Lauren stores.  Lacose is fine. Nothing too special, but not trash.  Ermenegildo Zegna is quite good. Better than Z Zegna, not as good as zegna couture, pretty nice in general.
text:What are your go-to basic fall tops? I’m talking long sleeve tees, sweatshirts, turtlenecks etc!	labels:Aerie “soft and sexy” baseball t’s. They hit in all the right places, are light enough for a warm day and layer beautifully with a cardigan or a longer tank top on chillier days. I prefer 3/4 length sleeves and these are the perfect length, they come in cute colour combinations, and look good with jeans or leggings. I am a SAHM so my fashion choices are inflicted by what is easy to wash, but I don’t feel unfashionable in these, even if the store is full of teenagers.	episode_done:True
text:Which higher end brands do you find to be "worth it" and for what?	labels:Tillamook cheese... for the white cheddar.  Edit: Oops, did see which sub I was in... umm... I think Loft is good, clothes last and always seem well made. I like the skirts.
text:Pierre Cardin: French fashion giant dies aged 98	labels:God: “Yo, Pierre you wanna come up here?”
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 26	labels:Hello, wondered what the community thinks about 3-piece suits for younger guys.  I am 20y and in need for a new suit, that I would wear semi regularly throughout the year. Need it for oral exams in uni, for a possible internship (law) and more formal events that would come up throughout the year.   Always loved the looks of a 3 piece suit and tend towards more formal clothing in general but really unsure if it is (age) appropriate.   Wouldn't normally care that much about other people's opinion. However I would wear it in occasions where (1st) Impressions do matter. Also considering that I rather spend a bit more on quality, I of course don't want to spend the money and then don't look good.  Worried that it would come of as a bit jarring, or just too much.   Any feedback would be much appreciated.
text:Naked and Famous Raw Denim Review/Fit/Experience	labels:Admittedly learning how to alter jeans like this so that they fit is one of the reasons I started learning to sew. Not brave enough to do this yet, but will hopefully try some cheaper jeans in the future.	episode_done:True
text:Wolf vs Goat Fonzie Goes to India t-shirt Review and Fit	labels:WvG is based outta Alexandria VA? Did not know that, kinda makes me consider buying from someone so local.   Thanks for the detailed write up OP!	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 31	labels:I am planning to buy a new pair of boots. Six Eyelets, no toe cap, looks rather clean. I like that look.  Just before pulling the trigger, I noticed that there are 2 colors. **Chocolate Brown** and **Burgundy**. I now froze and cannot make a decision.  So here's what I got:  * I rarely wear a suit. But I will be wearing the boots with a Medium Blue or Navy Suit. * I am a minimalist with two pairs of black skinny jeans. My shirts are all Navy Blue or Black. One exception is an oxford shirt with Army Green color (no patterns, I am boring). * I got two winter jackets. One is leather, chocolate color. The other is very dark navy blue, almost black.  Which color do I get? I will have to buy a matching leather belt either way.  * If I get the Burgundy, I will have to change my two skinny jeans into Gray. But will the Burgundy shoes match well with my chocolate leather jacket? The leather jacket is my only concern if I choose the Burgundy boots.   Otherwise, I am leaning towards Burgundy.	episode_done:True
text:Isssoogooodinnit	labels:Relaxed tailoring, relaxed lux, tailored loungewear, cozy menswear, whatever you call it I am ALL IN.	episode_done:True
text:A discussion of Ruth Bader Ginsburg's infamous fashion statements	labels:Thank you for this post. It’s a hard day. This last 6 months has been a hard 10 years. Hope we all make it.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 06, 2021	labels:Hey all, I'm looking to join a community that specifically focuses on avant garde fashion for both men and women. I know r/malefashion claims to be for avant garde but it's pretty scattered, and it's only for men. Any ideas?
text:Best White T-Shirts for Men 2021 - Wirecutter	labels:Muji makes great t-shirts.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 14, 2021	labels:Any mask recommendations that won’t fog up my glasses quite as much? Anything under or around $35, US based. I’m down for more expensive recommendations too if you’ve had a good personal experience with something.
text:Formula for a put together outfit that works for most aesthetics	labels:This is going to be so amazingly helpful for me, thank you so much!! Sometimes I look in the mirror and I feel like I’m looking into a black hole, lol. Like I can’t seem to see myself from an outside perspective, and it just makes it hard for me to know if I’m doing enough. This at least quantifies it a little bit for me. I know it’s not a perfect system, but it will definitely ease my mind a bit every morning.	episode_done:True
text:What are your favorite sites to read and learn about fashion?	labels:Trinny London is amazing.	episode_done:True
text:Discussion - “ Odd “ Fashion Inspirations	labels:I used to be obsessed with Mary Lennox from the 1993 Secret Garden movie. She wears this bright red pom hat, a nice peacoat, and laceup boots while she's outside (typical Edwardian style.) Later she has lace dresses, nightgowns, a sunhat, and hair ribbons typical of that era. She's like 10 years old, but I would still take fashion cues from her!
text:I appreciate the thought. I have 6-8 pairs of shoes I wear regularly that are now the wrong size and I resent putting on. I am sure you are right that there are better shoes out there but to start I need a whole new stable of shoes that don’t hurt.	labels:You're right that fit is important, but... There's so much more to find, believe me. A year from now, you're going to be lusting after something else, and you'll be happy you saved your money to look for a few different brands and explore.  You have what you need for now. Browse /r/goodyearwelt for a little while. Some higher-end brands have great return policies and MTO programs. Figure out your size in a couple more lasts, and get more shoes that satisfy different needs.	episode_done:True
text:I have made a realization that, apart from school uniforms, I only ever wear polo shirts	labels:I can never shake the association of polos and retail workers
text:Casual Blazer Inspo	labels:Can't say that any of these work for me as I generally don't wear blazers of any kind, but there certainly were a lot of interesting looks here.  As Ghoticptox wrote "the look is basically 'expensive chimney sweep'".  I think the dark tonalities are pretty sharp.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- November 06	labels:How does LA Apparel compare to Reigning Champ in terms of quality?	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 13, 2020	labels:The long comment thread below got me thinking.   I feel like we live in a time where dozens of fashion subcultures are able to exist at once. I've never seen so many designers and brands across several "genres" all thriving so well.  Saying something isn't "in fashion" just seems wild to me right now. Because honestly I think what's "fashionable" is exploring your own personal style and aesthetic. Being yourself is what's currently cool, and I think that's dope.
text:lol, ok. I see you.	labels:i mean if the manufacturing process isnt recognized as an ancestral tradition is it even Q U A L I T Y? /s	episode_done:True
text:Inauguration Fashion Discussion	labels:Our National *youth* Poet Laureate looking like a rising sun of youth and hope. I love her accessories so SO much. Amanda Gorman !  Edit: She’s the National Youth Poet Laureate 💛❤️
text:How many handbags do you have and which one is your most used?	labels:I tend to keep one large daily purse. I prefer real leather, but it doesn't have to be designer, just well-made. This bag gets the most use (and abuse), and when it wears out, I replace it.  I have one casual bag that I bought easily a decade ago. It's the ThinkGeek Handbag of Holding, and it has so many pockets. It was my daily bag at a different phase of my life. It isn't dressy enough for the office, but I'll use it on camping/beach trips when I don't want to throw my work purse into the sand.  I also have 4-5 smaller purses that I've received as gifts over the years. I don't use those very often, as I prefer larger bags, but I save them for job interviews, weddings, and other special occasions. And since they don't get much use, they tend to stay in great condition.	episode_done:True
text:Dr. Biden's embroidered Oscar de la Renta Dress was beautiful - What's your favorite brand that utilizes embroidery? (or your holy grail embroidered piece)	labels:Needle and Thread. I found a N&T dress on Poshmark and it became my wedding dress. Dreamy...	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 26, 2020	labels:I bought a pair of Bottega Veneta low Tire chelsea boots, and the leather started separating from the sole after a week of wear.      Has anyone else had such experiences with this kind of shoe or other Bottega products? I had to get it returned because my retailer was out of my size entirely, and my next option is SSENSE, which is significantly more expensive. I felt extremely confident in them, but I'm not sure I should shell out the dough if their products are crappy on the whole.	episode_done:True
text:Things I'm Excited to Wear This Fall — Die, Workwear!	labels:Really surprised Blundstones are so popular in North America. The died out here in Australia (At least in the country) after they moved production overseas.  About time you guys discovered work Australian work boots tthough :) they are the bomb
text:That's actually really helpful! How do you suggest finding my style? I feel like I have such a wide style that I wear (minimal, to punk, to cutesy, etc). I feel like I love all of my clothes but some go months without being worn.	labels:Why exactly are you aiming for minimalism? Minimalism isn't a virtue and it's only valuable in so much as it matches your lifestyle, needs, and desires. You don't have to aim for minimalism for the sake of minimalism, or just because it’s in style. It's ok to own things that make you happy. It's ok to only wear something once every couple of months (or less often). You don't have to get rid of things just because you are not living up to some arbitrary standard of use.
text:Funny question	labels:I’m a hand-knit sweater that took too long to make and needs to be combed and brushed regularly...but is ultimately so damn warm!  I’m also slightly cropped and knit from thicker yarn, just like IRL	episode_done:True
text:Where can I buy this veil of ignorance? I’d like it to be ethically sourced, of course, and under $20 please!	labels:There's been a huge debate between the Rawls and Harsanyi brands, with the former guaranteeing better working conditions for the poorest and the latter buying malaria nets instead. ymmv	episode_done:True
text:Yes it’s very Keep Calm and Carry On	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 28, 2020	labels:I need recs on affordable brands (less than $40, USA) that carry heavyweight, well fitting graphic tees. My husband is 6'4 so extra points for longer torso fits. Please and thank you!	episode_done:True
text:People with crazy hair, how do you plan your outfits to go with your hair color?	labels:I mostly just avoid white shirts because dye transfer is a bitch...	episode_done:True
text:I love this look too! Looks good with cropped pants and a defined waist/tucked shirt. Impossible for me to pull off with my massive chest and shoulders- but I love the look on others.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Moncler acquires Stone Island	labels:Hope SI doesn’t change the brand. Not a fan of moncler. Over priced and big w Asians.	episode_done:True
text:Ooooh thank you, I’m SLC based too! Gotta check these out	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How Carhartt A Billion-Dollar Brand	labels:I'm never not going to think of a farmer first. The farmer clique at my high school was literally known as the Carhartt Mafia. Every single one of them had the ubiquitous light brown duck canvas jacket.
text:Strip away the price tags and his advice and insight is relevant to anyone.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do you style your existing wardrobe in a way that doesn’t get boring?	labels:Definitely a different shoe style. If I’m not wanting to buy a whole new on trend wardrobe, a simple pair of shoes and how I style my hair for the day goes a long  way to “add a bit of spice” as the kids say.   Ex. Keds—> docs. Tan wedges --> black platforms. Ballet flats —> loafers. Bootie—>blundstone. High heel —> sneaker. Obviously stick to the style you want, but imo shoes completely change an outfit.	episode_done:True
text:Tailoring as a lifestyle choice - Suiting in The Crown	labels:Very interesting read, I’ve never seen The Crown but I might have to check it out! But my thoughts on if casual tailoring will make it’s big return - not anytime soon. I think we’re too far in to this new cultural paradigm shift of dressing up t-shirts and alternative forms of outerwear as the norm for leisure.
text:General Discussion - December 08, 2020	labels:Just got my black chelseas delivered and I think wearing them makes me feel *too* confident.  No one man should have all this power.
text:Oh right! I had forgotten about rayon being plant based.  True, the issue of synthetics isn't limited to fashion. There are plastics we use for shipping, shopping, and packaging, plastic toys, containers, decorations, accessories, etc. I agree that choosing natural balances the already overabundant use of synthetics.  Edit: a word	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Yup, came here to say this! I work from home as a freelance writer, and when I do go out it's often to bars/restaurants, parties, nightlife events, etc. so this list of items would not get me very far.  What other people are spending on conservative blazers, pencil skirts, button-down shirts, etc. I'm usually spending on dresses, fun printed items, and cute accessories, as well as more loungewear-type stuff to wear while working.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The 90s Are Back. Long Live the 70s.	labels:W’re firmly in the middle of a early 2000s revival and people are still trying to make content about how “the 90s are back”? Lol, they’ve been back for like 5 years	episode_done:True
text:What are a few items that you feel are essential when planning a wardrobe?	labels:IT depends on you.  What is your lifestyle (be realistic)?  When determining this, keep your area's climate in mind as well as your workplace (or school) dress code.  Also know your hobbies because a hiker is going to need vastly different attire than someone who likes clubbing.  IF your work environment is casual, then you don't need a closet full of business formal clothing.  If your workplace requires a uniform, then you don't need a wardrobe full of work clothes (unless the uniform is a dress code like black pants/white shirt).    If you're living in Miami, then you likely don't need a down parka.    That said, no matter your lifestyle, I'd have one outfit in your closet (could be the same thing or separates) to wear to a job interview, wedding (guest, not wedding party), and funeral.  Be prepared ahead of time should those occasions arise.    My other recommendation to learn color theory and the color seasons.   If you are unsure, try and find a celebrity that has similar coloring to you and study their wardrobe and what colors they wear on red carpets.  Know what colors look good on you and which ones do not.   I'm a clear winter, so my colors are jewel tones, icy pastels, and crisp colors.  Muted tones like olive, khaki, mustard, off white, etc look terrible on me.	episode_done:True
text:The crazy variations in quality seem to be there across the whole BR brand family. I have some things from Gap that have held up for literal decades, while others started looking like crap after a few washes. Then there's Old Navy which is mostly very low quality (though probably about on par with the price point for most of their stuff), but occasionally something of theirs will last forever.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I wear them almost exclusively in the summer. Cut off jorts and bands shirts. I just think shorts made from other material just aren’t my style or something... when I wear them they just look like I’m trying to look “preppy” or something. I wear chinos to work. I wear skinny clothes always. I wear beat up Vans and cut off jean shorts at home. I just can’t do fabric shorts.	labels:Have you tried baggies from Patagonia?	episode_done:True
text:Lugged boot trend	labels:They remind me of Doc Martins that are designed to go hiking or something.	episode_done:True
text:>Warby Parker  I thought I had enough frames haha  I have a similar plastic ones like the Warby Parker already - will be making them sunglasses as the prescription on them is old  &#x200B;  but for these frames, they are expensive yes, but for a good reason really (and I don't mind paying cuz I wear glasses 14-17 hours and won't be doing eye surgery anytime soon)  ...I think like you, in terms of having sunglasses on the side - and prescription seperate  What concerns me the most is the looks - if it will be ruined, having silver frames and some transitions on an expensive frame, most of my family tells me don't do those gimmicks, but 1 is like it might be cool and enhance the look of the shiny silver frame? idk	labels:	episode_done:True
text:You really played the hits there, man. Nice.	labels:just missed the classic "layers????" and it would have been bingo	episode_done:True
text:No clue about winter wear. Please Help!	labels:Without knowing your personal style, I'd say at most for winter you only really want to invest in a nice jacket/coat and a scarf. You probably have everything else you could want for layering under it. - a nice shirt, undershirt and maybe a jumper.   Sizing wise stick with your usual size, as winter jackets are typically designed to be worn over something. You wont need to invest in something too extreme as you'll be walking the streets of Paris, not an expedition on the Artic.   Do spend a little more on the scarf though, as it can be a nice statement piece and you want it to last as well as feel nice.	episode_done:True
text:Thank you for sharing! I appreciate the insight!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:#capitalism	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Ringing in the New Year!	labels:Thank you for this fabulous album! These pics brought so much joy to my heart. We all need sequined pant suits!	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 10, 2020	labels:Anyone have/tried NB 993s? A lot of the reviews say they run large and I'm wondering if I should go half a size down	episode_done:True
text:This. VERY few people are paying enough attention to see your (fabulous, I'm sure!) French tuck.  Breathe, let it out, and then strut your stuff!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 19	labels:I bought my first pair of chinos (as a 22y/o male... forgive me I went to ag college) and now my sister has gone from mocking my fashion sense to asking if I'm in the closet and whispering to Mom   will update if the priest gets called
text:I think that was /u/flavoroflife but please for sure take over, those things get forgotten and can always use a refresh	labels:	episode_done:True
text:No Cop January - End of the Month Check In	labels:Made it! Ok, I bought a dress for my partner, but that doesn't count.  And this morning I ordered a pair of trousers. But it was on my wishlist since November and hit 50% off in January.	episode_done:True
text:As a Canadian I refuse to get rid of my skinny jeans. Half the year is spent surrounded by snow, slush, and gritty slime. I have to tuck my pants into tall boots. I remember when flares were super in when I was a kid/young teen and all my friends and I would be wandering around with these sopping wet pants slapping around our ankles. Never again.	labels:The image of cold wet flared/bootcut jeans is bringing back memories. You can’t forget the salt stains either! Those pants are not made for a snowy climate.	episode_done:True
text:THIS. I have been working on a lot of \~self improvement\~ this year and part of making my goals for 2021 has been distinguishing "the person I aspire to be" from "the person I am willing to be" from "the person I can afford to be."   I too have been on a journey to live a budget life of luxury especially when it comes to things like matching lingerie all the time and sleepwear and what I've realized is that I'm not actually interested in luxurious sleepwear. I'm actually interested in being the person that has two hours to unwind every night, takes a warm bath in a massive tub with a v expensive lush bath bomb, does a full face care routine, brushes her hair out, has little tinctures on her vanity to apply just a bit of perfume, puts on a silk gown, lights a candle, reads in bed, and turns out her lamp at a generous 9:30pm.   The truth is that the desire for the sleepwear is really a desire to have more silence, more time spent on me, and more time doing things that look and feel good simply because I like them and not because they serve any kind of real function.   I have moved away from using old t-shirts because I like the idea of dedicated sleepwear but I usually just go with a solid color cami / tank top / shirt and either some shorts or some sweat pants depending on how cold it is. They're cheaper but still look thoughtful.	labels:I think we may be the same person!	episode_done:True
text:For sure! I grew up in a rural area, where people dress very casually. Think a lot of camo, jeans for slightly dressier occasions, etc. I moved to a city that's much dressier, and even my casual clothes feel out of place when I visit my family. A lot more dresses, polished outfits, and business attire. And I noticed when traveling for work how much more conservatively people tend to dress in my current city versus in other parts of the country, even in the more hip/young/alternative parts of town.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:This. I really need to do this. I bought nice quality leather ankle boots but I keep wearing them every single day. So much so that I don’t get around getting the vibram soles and heel tips when I need to. I think I need to invest in two pairs of similar shoes that I love and can alternate between. Both pairs will probably last a lot longer if I do this.	labels:I've given up on fixing shoes. I tried a few times and was told the formed soles weren't really made for that anymore, everything is toss and replace. Maybe I just buy cheap stuff? I usually spend 80-120 for a pair of ankle boots.	episode_done:True
text:Brands that no longer live up to their name or quality	labels:I'm becoming more and more disappointed with JCrew and will only buy their basic t shirts at heavy discounts. Eventually, the tops always end up with a hole and stretch out quite a bit.  I've not shopped at GAP in over a decade, but I still own a pair of sweatpants from them that are now 20 years old. Yes, That's how well they have been lasting. I doubt that the current ones would hold up that well.  Anthropologie pants also always end up with holes and stretched out. The tops always feel very cheap to me when I look at them in the store. Even buying on sale is becoming not worth it.  I have tried Sezane recently and am very pleasantly surprised at the quality from the feel of it. It remains to be seen how well the pieces hold up. If they do, I'm ok with spending the extra amount if it's  going to last a decade.	episode_done:True
text:Top of WAYWT - September 2020	labels:Casechopper lost so much I almost didn't recognize him.	episode_done:True
text:Rick Owens Wearing Rick Owens	labels:I don't own a single piece of his clothing, and I probably never will, but one of the quotes attributed to him that really stuck with me when I first started browsing mfa was "No outfit is going to make you look or feel as good as having a fit body. Buy less clothing and go to the gym instead." He was right.
text:This is what I ended up doing! Basically “elevated” iterations of tshirts with some interesting detail — puff sleeves, peplum, etc. Also fun prints. IMO the brand Madewell does this very well, pretty much all of my “fancier” tops (really just a step up from plain tees) are from there.   Otherwise for boring tshirt days I wear a long necklace.	labels:I don't really shop at Madewell, but maybe I should look more closely.   I feel like t-shirt fit is hard for me, the shapes do not always work very well on me. My challenge is basically all my extra weight shows up below my belly button. I am pear-ish and I have a really short torso/high hips. So some tops that fit perfectly for tucking do not work untucked. And shorter tops need to be actually short, or they just look dumb because they hit in a weird place on my torso. And the shirt that fits my hips and lower waist is not a good fit on top, especially when tucking. So I ended up being super picky about the fit.   At the moment, the tops I am generally happy with are:   * 2 floral button ups * 3 striped shirts  * one cropped sweatshirt (lilac, it is new, but promising) * 2 long sleeve black blouses (but I didn't have the right bottoms, now I am a lot closer! I don't like wearing a fully black outfit so all my black bottoms were a bad fit. Now I have some patterned skirts and an olive one that should work) * 2 short sleeves silk blouses that may be a little too dressy for right now * pink peplum with balloon sleeves (sadly I got it like 2 weeks before quarantine, I envisioned it being super fun with jeans and I hadn't figured out skirts yet, but you know)  What I need are some interesting solid colored short sleeved tops that aren't black, and are in my palette colors, that can work with pants or a skirt.
text:definitely worth the cost. I found out about contour bodysuits maybe a month ago and I already own 5. I would say it’s pretty true to size but I would size up for the crewneck styles only because the armpit isn’t stretchy which makes it harder to get out of. If you want a skin tight fit, I would go with regular size and just take into account you’ll have to be patient at the end of the day getting it off or have someone help you.   The scoop, strapless and any that have a bigger neck is tts and stretches and you can slip in and out easily through the neck.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Do you guys default to a set of a few pieces even though you own a ton?	labels:I've done stuff like place-the-shirt-on-the-end-of-the-rack so I can see the timeline of what I've worn.  I feel you tho	episode_done:True
text:Quilted Pants	labels:oh fuck yeah Ive been talking about these for years, problem is no one makes them lol	episode_done:True
text:This is what I do.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Inspo: From the BIPOC Owned Small Business Thread	labels:Is there a reason your album links don't work?
text:Hedi Slimane’s CELINE- an idealized look at 1960s rock & roll (large inspiration album)	labels:This is awesome	episode_done:True
text:How do we feel about see-through totes?	labels:Perfect for the wad of hundreds and magnum condoms I usually carry	episode_done:True
text:Truth	labels:	episode_done:True
text:For those who actually MISS clothes/makeup/getting dressed up.	labels:I miss my earrings. I have a huge collection of statement earrings that I would wear with my plain shirts and dresses that I don’t wear now because they just tangle with my mask strings. Now the plain outfits just look plain. 😞	episode_done:True
text:Yeah, that‘s true. There are many many rules as to what they consider „good style“. At least Amy often says that it‘s just a preference and nobody has to follow her advice.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:LL Bean is another brand that is outdoors focused while still producing every day pieces  For a bit more of a "tactical" look, check out 5.11. They're a bit more rugged/hunting focused, but I haven't seen cargo leggings anywhere else!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Throwback Thursday: Revisiting "How to Determine Your Body Type" and "On Dressing Your Body Type"	labels:I'm an apple, but for me the more recent game changer has been learning I am longwaisted. That has me rethinking all pants for fit.	episode_done:True
text:How do you think access and privilege affect your taste and sense of style?	labels:To put it bluntly, 100% privilege plays a role in the way people dress because there is increased access to options (including natural fibres, so called “sustainable” clothing, tailoring, etc) that are completely inaccessible for the majority of others.
text:I would maybe not pay so much attention to the recommendations that everything needs to be slim fit but besides that it’ll be find	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do you know if a piece of clothing is worth its price?	labels:I gave up and just started making my own sewn goods, little cloth/leather knickknacks and little repairs. It gave me more of an opinion on fabric quality and sewing quality.	episode_done:True
text:The North Face's Denali Jacket Hit Icon Status in '95—And Stayed There Ever Since	labels:10 years ago every single person I knew had one or more of these. Im talking all age groups, ethnicities, etc.
text:Patch pockets on casual suits are great.  Don’t change them. Exchange the suit before trying to change the pockets.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Wow you're 5'11" god what a manlet	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- November 03	labels:   When it comes to leather footwear, specifically chelsea boots in this instance, which type is the more "resistant" to creases, water, stains, scratches, etc.  A list in order of Best to Worst would be perfect really. For further clarification, I'm talking the type of leather, such as suede and calfskin, as well as it's finish, wax coat or polished for example.  To further highlight my question, if there were a pair of chelsea boots with a calfskin polished upper finish, and a pair of wax finished, which would last the longest and require the least intervention.  Any input is very appreciated!	episode_done:True
text:How do you search for and find clothes from pinterest?	labels:The google app that lets you search items from a picture and it can be quite spot on, I’ve found a few pairs of shoes in that way, by screenshotting the picture and putting it through the app to see what comes up.
text:Who are your fashion idols?	labels:Zoe Kravitz (play), Victoria Beckham (work), and Jada Pinkett-Smith (everything in-between).	episode_done:True
text:Unfortunately they can keep buying them and giving you negative publicity, it’s why Fred Perry discontinued their black and yellow polo	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What movie/tv show was styled the best?	labels:Not too out there but I really liked the styling in Her, it felt like the colors of his clothing really played off his current emotion and I thought that was cool.
text:inspo album for city boys: popeye magazine	labels:Literally just passed up the February 2021 copy of popeye... maybe I should go back for it
text:Shitpost Saturday: What do your shoes say about you?	labels:Hey hey! You'd like to think you are creative and into fashion and not getting old but really you just wear the same pair of boots everyday because you have slowly started prioritizing comfort over style but still try to justify it as an actual ~aesthetic~ and totally not because you now have bunions and corns and fallen arches and other old feet problems (why do things between my toes now bother me?!). #Blundstones4Lyfe #oldhagat32
text:WshoeWT - December 22, 2020	labels:It’s time to bust out the Christmas Timbs!	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Fashion AITA	labels:I am fairly well-known in my community for my unique fashion sense, ropes of pearls, zebra-striped roadster, and two-tone hair. A woman I knew from my school days has a lot of spotted dogs. When I commented that they would make a beautiful coat, she became offended! AITA?   Edit to add: My husband is a furrier, if that helps your decision.  Edit again to add: I may also be a lot older than the woman with the spotted dogs and have a red and black roadster and no husband, depending.
text:Coats & jackets from fall-winter 2020 runway collections	labels:I'm not even a big Rick Owens fan but those two are INSANE
text:Who is your ultimate style icon?	labels:I always stay Buffy, and still true. Alexa Chung is another top one for me.
text:How do you dress for the (extreme) weather where you're from?	labels:Chicago here- Kenny from South Park, except in purple.
text:thanks :)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I hadn’t considered climatization! that’s a really helpful tip.	labels:Yay! Glad to be of help	episode_done:True
text:>Having no parameters in men's fashion doesn't work very well.	labels:Imagine responding to our resident trolls
text:I think I am going to go full sweet Lolita - the dresses are gorgeous for a start, but as a 40+F probably not the most normal of fashions for every day use, so let unpracticality and nonconformism rule :-)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Lol cute story. Once when my disability was really bad I was the first passenger to board a flight, and while the staff was helping me, I saw a stylish young woman plop down in first class and do a few selfies before going to her actual seat in economy!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:what do yall wear to the gym (or at home if you work out there)	labels:Lululemon pace breakers Bombas crew socks adidas i5923s and one of my soccer T-shirt’s I can’t bring myself to get rid of and need to use so I can justify keeping	episode_done:True
text:Recent Purchases - January 06, 2021	labels:Boxer briefs from Meundies, boxer briefs and trunks from Pair of Thieves, trunks from Saxx.  Sweat shorts from Old Navy and Eddie Bauer.  Working from home has really made me focus on comfy.
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Hoodies	labels:Nice selection 👍 What are the shoes the model wears in the 9th picture ?
text:Yes! Anything that isn’t screaming won’t even get my attention anymore.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Sizing relationships between brands	labels:Rectangular body shape checking in. I love Old Navy. So many other brands seem to make clothes for hourglass figures, but ON fits my straighter figure.	episode_done:True
text:Top Down / Aerial / Crotch Shot WAYWT	labels:Yess!!!	episode_done:True
text:idk Im loving the square toebox on the Bottega Veneta mule/sandals	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Buy Sell Thread - January 04, 2021	labels:This is a friendly reminder to only post links from Grailed, Ebay, Depop, and similar reputable platforms.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/malefashionadvice) if you have any questions or concerns.*	episode_done:True
text:Haha yes thank you that's what they remind me off too Morpheus, and again I don't want to go into that realm of weird fashion, disco/idk what to even call it...these on me look so good, that I personally think adding anything to them like slight tint might take away it's character - or who knows maybe enhance it as other claim  Face is oval mostly with faded beard sharpening the jaw a bit. I don't do full rounds, I do these oval shapes mostly, works nice, aviator looks nice too...full round is not for me, looks harry potter like	labels:	episode_done:True
text:oh god I still dress like this maybe I should join this sub LOL	labels:	episode_done:True
text:It’s funny that's what he brought up as ridiculous lol, it sounds like a super fun album, basically what Kapital does anyway	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Don’t forget the “we love you, you’re very special to us.”	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Last summer I bought a bunch of inexpensive sundresses, mostly cotton-spandex or modal blends. So, so easy to wear and very comfortable with WFH. It's now -25C where I am and I'm typing this from under 5 layers of clothing. Summer can't get here fast enough...	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Stylish ways to carry emergency medication?	labels:Type 1 diabetic here - I can share what I do.  On a casual day when I need to bring my insulin, I use a cross body bag. If I’m carrying more stuff, I can drop it in a backpack.  Going out for dinner, sometimes i put it in my jacket pocket, but sometimes I carry a small carry case. I bought a sweet waxed canvas pencil case from SFBags that can hold my gear and maybe some small stuff for my wife.   Heading to work, I have a nice laptop bag and drop that case in there. During the day, I carry the case around with me.  It’s nice enough not to look out of place, but also blends into the environment enough not to generate a ton of questions.	episode_done:True
text:Natural Fibres	labels:Woolovers are a great British brand who do a lot of knitwear (obviously!) but also cotton and linen shirts and so on. I have at least three of their cardigans and they're great value, easy to wash and iron and even survived an accidental tumble dry.	episode_done:True
text:Pros and cons of an a capsule wardrobe?	labels:I wouldn’t call what I have a capsule wardrobe but I have a wardrobe of about 50-70 pieces including all my winter and summer wear. Everything I own are neutrals and warm toned. I have a warm complexion and cool tones just don’t look the best on me. I like to get things in various cuts and styles so that I can play with shapes and proportions in my outfits.   For example I have 7 pairs of pants which includes 4 pairs of jeans. 1 light wash in a straight leg, one medium wash in a wide leg, one black straight leg and one black slim cut. I also have a pair of wide leg black trousers, a pair of wide leg beige trousers and a pair of cream cargos. I don’t double up on cuts and styles so that I still have lots of options and not a wardrobe full of the same things.   My tops are mainly tanks and t shirts in black and white, a few button ups, and turtle necks and sweaters for the fall and winter.   I do have quite a few jackets, about 10-15 so that i still feel like I have options and not get bored. Coats and jackets are my favourite layering piece and really helps to make each outfit look different. I have a white cropped jacket, a black cropped jacket, a white flowy shirt jacket, a forest green shirt jacket, a tan blazer, black blazer, plaid cropped blazer, black wool shirt jacket, black leather blazer, beige trench coat, camel wool coat and a black puffer.   I make sure that everything goes together in terms of colours and undertones so that I can pull anything out in my wardrobe and know that it matches. I also don’t get bored because I put thought into making each piece different enough to still have plenty of looks/options while not having a massive wardrobe. I don’t have the most minimal wardrobe like those 30 item capsules but it works for me :)
text:Has consulting a stylist really been a revelation to you?	labels:I had a workshop with a stylist a few years ago. It was really helpful. She taught us about warm and cold colors, about clothes that fit our body types, about different styles and we had this test with warm- and cold-colored fabrics where she told us which colors suited us best. I tried to stick to cold colors (which suit me best) for a while, but then I got bored, and now I wear warm as well.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 24, 2020	labels:Can someone recommend me wool topcoat brands? I have budget of $500. I need non down jackets to wear during Fall and Spring in the US.
text:The RealReal Alleges Chanel is Maintaining a “Monopoly” With the Help of Big-Name Retailers, Publishers in New Filing	labels:Supreme should be in trouble too then  Edit: does this lawsuit really have merit.
text:Does anyone else always hesitate to buy what they truly love because they don't have a social life?	labels:Outside of Covid,  I am perfectly happy to wear fancier than necessary clothes to work out while running errands.    What I really want and can't justify is a floor length formal gown. I don't think I have ever gone to a black tie event.  Why don't people have fancy parties anymore????? I just want to wear a ball gown once a year,  is that too much to ask?
text:it’s upsetting, to say the least	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - February 16, 2021	labels:i gag whenever i see engineering memes   it’s like they’re trying to be elitist and insider but it’s also the most basic freshman year knowledge and it’s also not even funny   shit’s embarrassing
text:Rich people just buy another house to fill.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Song for the Mute Fall/Winter 2020	labels:I poopoo'd on Yohji's Ito graphic applications, but for some reason the graphic overcoats in this collection really tickle my fancy.	episode_done:True
text:What’s something you wish you could tell clothing manufacturers to do differently?	labels:I realize this will probably never happen, but I would really appreciate it if the sizing was more consistent between brands. It can get confusing checking the size guides of each brand when doing online shopping.
text:figuring out your work wardrobe formula is so freeing!  i like your story journey.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Menswear I Drool Over: FW/2020 Part I	labels:Nice album. Appreciate the effort in putting this together.
text:Cheers mate. I m gonna have to agree!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Fall 2020 Fit Battle - Round 2 - Discussion	labels:Ngo v. bond and cdot v. Rariora were excellent matchups and very difficult to pick.   u/kunle_x, I like your fit, but I wish you would have went less for photo composition in your main and more for showing us the outfit.  As it is, I can barely tell anything about the fit.	episode_done:True
text:Lol blogs as old school  I’m truly not laughing at you, just myself. Am I the oldest person on this sub??	labels:Or go actual old school and get magazine subscriptions	episode_done:True
text:No one looks at you when you’re wearing a beanie and thinks you’re a doofus	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Men's Health invited me for an interview after my post here	labels:Welcome to the gun show, damn	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 22	labels:Suggestion for nice workpants? Gonna be doing alot of heavy lifting, and I need them to last. Not worrying ab price, just looking for suggestions
text:Inspo Album: Mellow Yellow	labels:This album is amazing! I’m on the hunt for a mustard yellow sweater, and there’s a pic you linked where a girl paired her mustard yellow sweater with green pants and I want to do that (or pair with black watch tartan).  Thank you for sharing and adding some color into our lives. Yellow is such a beautiful color. Mustard yellow works with my skin tone and undertone the best	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 06	labels:Seems like the end is finally near for Donnie. I have my champagne ready.
text:Buying vs selling on resell websites	labels:I buy/sell on eBay, Poshmark, depop, and Mercari. There are pros and cons to all of them. For me I’m not trying to make money or save money necessarily—I just want to recycle clothes that didn’t work for me and from everything I’ve read most donated clothes end up in landfills. I also prefer to buy secondhand for similar reasons.   Poshmark definitely has the best customer service. I’ve dealt with a lot of bad sellers (listing the wrong size, clothes not as described etc) and whenever I’ve reached out to Poshmark they basically refund all my money and let me keep the item. On the flip side, as a seller people have unnecessarily complained (item didn’t fit) and Poshmark didn’t allow them to send the item back for a refund—maybe Poshmark gave them a refund and let them keep the item but I wasn’t effected. This is something that REALLY irritates me about eBay—they always take the side of the buyer and u end up having wasted time, money etc shipping something even when u aren’t at fault. I really wish eBay would absorb the costs like Poshmark does, but this is probably why Poshmark has the highest fees.  Ultimately I think the downfall of Poshmark will be the wholesalers and people who are doing it as a side hustle. It’s becoming harder and harder for sellers with 20-30 listings from their actual personal closet to sell things because there’s so much garbage for buyers to sift through. It’s also hard for me as a buyer to find bundles anymore. In the early days sellers closets were made up of actual clothes from their closets so they were all the same size and the style of the person selling. Now if I find something I like it’s impossible to find another item in someone’s closet because there are 500 random listings to sift through.
text:cro o o NCHH	labels:	episode_done:True
text:More Men Reach for Sewing Machines	labels:Me making jackets for my friends:  "Lining?"  "Tactical"	episode_done:True
text:He did note that he did his cataloguing at the end of the day.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Advice needed - Nordstroms Out of Stock items	labels:Set up a goggle alert	episode_done:True
text:If you could get yourself one fashion gift, what would it be?	labels:I'd get a really nice piece of outerwear, either a coat in a quality material like wool or a leather or shearling jacket. If you live somewhere with colder weather during part of the year, outerwear is something you'll be wearing all the time so it's worth investing in a piece that's great quality, keeps you warm and makes a statement. I think an amazing jacket or coat will elevate even the most basic outfit, whether it's a more classic piece, something utilitarian like a puffer jacket or something more extravagant. Personally I think Acne, Chloe and Tibi are brands that make great high-end outerwear in a variety of styles.
text:What style rules or clothing attributes are you ruthless about?	labels:Nothing that needs to be dry cleaned except winter coats. Hate the smell, hate the bother, hate the expense.  No glitter, no metallic thread. I like it on other people, but on me it makes me feel like I’m wearing a costume. Sequins and paillettes only on formal evening wear (for me).  No dolman sleeves (for me). I don’t like how they look on my busty inverted triangle shape.
text:Yup that’s me! I post here very frequently, including with an essay on the Wide Legged Trouser	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Have people in your are eschewed down parkas for puffer jackets instead?	labels:Am in Germany and nothing noticeable except the nondescript black colorway winter coat still rules supreme.
text:Savile Row tries to cope with Covid	labels:I visited Saville Row back in 2015, and it's sad to see these businesses with long standing traditions struggle to survive. Surprised to read that essentially the whole block is owned by Norway's Sovereign Fund; hopefully this helps with some of the rent issues.   Hopefully they can pivot to other items like masks, RTW, etc. I think to fit the consumer's taste right now, they should also do stuff like custom fitted knitted tees and polos. A lot of brands are coming out with some nice merino/cashmere blend knitted tees that I think Saville Row tailors could also do really well.	episode_done:True
text:Have you tried their (Vans) Ultracush series yet? That way you still can retain the Vans design you like but with a better and more comfy insole	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What have people actually worn to funerals you've been to?	labels:In my experience it varies greatly on the family of the deceased and what they want. Most funerals I’ve been to have specifically stated a dress code required. Most of my wife’s family generally has a “dress like you’re going to a party” kinda vibe.  I usually split the difference if I’m unsure and just wear a grey suit 🤷‍♀️	episode_done:True
text:Fall 2020 Fit Battle - Round 2 Results and Discussion	labels:Damn, 3 votes! Good stuff, Chuck. Looks like I need some more character development before I steal your flair. ^^^would ^^^totally ^^^take ^^^a ^^^"The ^^^Other ^^^Chuck" ^^^though    It was a pleasure to even be in this thing in the first place, glad I was able to throw down for a lil bit! Looking forward to Ngo vs DLJ, think that one’s gunna be a heater.
text:How do you dress in a casual work environment if you really enjoy fashion/dressing up?	labels:Everything about your style sounds fine except crop tops probably aren't a good idea for work even if not a lot of skin is showing..  I would feel it out the first couple weeks
text:Down Jackets	labels:Worked for a luxury goods store and got a Canada goose parka that was returned at maybe 25% original price. A lot of people hating here but really incredibly warm and versatile. I don’t read too much into the status thing as in reality I’m a broke college student, but overall I really like the quality. I think the fur can be a little tacky so mine doesn’t have it.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 06	labels:When I showed my wife the white pants I got yesterday, she narrowed her eyes and said, "Oh, those look... *fun*"  Thanks for being here, friends.
text:What high quality fashion or style related hashtags do you follow on IG?	labels:One that I like is #averagegirlsize to keep my Instagram feed somewhat grounded to reality. It’s cool to see how ‘normal’ girls dress!  Not sure if this one fits the bill, but I find some of my favorite brand or designer tags quite helpful to figure out more ways to wear clothes that I may already have, or am thinking about getting from them. My favorite is #zimmerman.
text:Cotton Candy Femme Fatale: A Cassie (Promising Young Woman) inspo album	labels:Great album! I like to dress as girly or non-girly as I want, but always have dark nail polish to show that I'm edgy on the inside.	episode_done:True
text:It's not hard to find cotton jeans for women, either, I've got 100% cotton jeans from H&M, Old Navy, Levi's, Asos, Mango.  There's a pretty big difference between men's and women's cuts, not a lot of women have the shape to wear men's pants.	labels:Not all cotton jeans are created equal though. I was excited to find a pair at H&M a few years ago. They fit me perfectly at the store. Unfortunately after wearing for a few hours, they bag out like crazy. I swear they went up at least a size if not two. They’d shrink back down after washing, but it didn’t do me much good to have jeans that were only wearable once after washing and would look baggy by the end of the day.   Meanwhile I’ve got some Levi’s and LL Bean jeans (both vintage/thrifted) that hold their shape perfectly. Not sure I’ve ever washed either pair.	episode_done:True
text:Nike Among Many Brands Lobbying Against Xinjiang Forced Labor Bill	labels:The US Chamber of Commerce is involved in opposition? The position is unsurprising but why are they involved? I thought they were just a right-wing group that deals with small businesses?
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 26, 2020	labels:In the U.K. and I need some designer boxers. Not trunks.   Lacoste had a decent selection. Tommy and Ralph Lauren not so much. I don’t like Calvin Klein.  Any recommendations?	episode_done:True
text:Top of WAYWT - September 2020	labels:I have noticed that although I consistently get over 9 upvotes on my fits, I am not receiving 9 spots on the Top of WAYWT. I'm not sure if you are doing this intentionally or if 'you' are 'forgetting' to click 'add photo'. Either way, I've had enough. I have compiled a spreadsheet of fits you have "forgotten" to add to the Top of WAYWT. After 2 consecutive missed Top of WAYWTs your name is automatically highlighted (shown in red) and I am immediately notified. 3 consecutive strikes and you can expect an online "consultation". Think about your actions.
text:FAQ: What are people's experiences with clothing challenges like trying not to buy clothes for a year/only buying second hand? What are some tips?	labels:Once I stopped regularly going on malefashionadvice and frugalmalefashion, it all got 100x easier.	episode_done:True
text:An Essay on the Navy Blazer with Brass Buttons	labels:Enjoyed the post as someone who leans trad. You should consider posting this in r/navyblazer.
text:Permanent Style - The Cold-Colour Capsule	labels:The way he handles the idea of cool/warm colors is strange. Like, he writes blue is a warm color. What? There aren't really, in itself, cool and warm colors, like, you can't say green as a whole is warm or cool. It's about undertones. You can easily find warm green and cool green, so is blue, so is every color.
text:(UPDATE) Ladies who miss fashion/makeup/getting dressed up... how are you doing?	labels:I'm just... still getting dressed up. This has actually given me a nice opportunity to try new combinations of outfits and pull out pieces that I wasn't sure about before. The routine of getting dressed and feeling put together is really important for me with regards to getting into the work mindset.
text:I agree as well! Sometimes I feel like dressing in streetwear, and other times I prefer preppier looks.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Naked and Famous Raw Denim Review/Fit/Experience	labels:Thanks for the reference. We’re built similarly. The jeans don’t look like they are structured with a petite person in mind.	episode_done:True
text:Stealing her style: Nicole Kidman as "Grace Fraser" in "The Undoing"	labels:I'm usually not a fan of "Boho" as it tends to make me think of festival wear but these looks are very luxe and grown up. I love that fuchsia suede skirt you've got on in one of your photos.
text:Revisiting Fall/Winter Favorites: N1 Deck Jackets pt2	labels:Any on the jacket in #21 (with the res beanie)? Looks perfect.	episode_done:True
text:“Sadd” Colors: 1620s Puritans to 2021	labels:LL Bean sold fishnet underwear like in Borat.   Little fun fact for you dudes.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 27, 2020	labels:I'm looking for a good turtleneck sweater preferably cotton + a good cable knit sweater size US XL budget 30-100$ at most. Brands you recommend/don't?	episode_done:True
text:My 2020 Clothing Challenge	labels:I love the red anthropologie dress on you. What aspect of the fit didn't you like?  What I didn't like is those gold shoes. It's a personal pet peeve, but I won't buy/keep shoes that my toes hang over the edge.	episode_done:True
text:Tall beauties of Reddit, tell me your favorite brands that offer tall/long options	labels:Max Mara trousers come at 40" unhemmed.	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone else not factor in pants when creating outfits? How to move away from this?	labels:Go find yourself a pair of really exciting pants. High waist/wide leg is in right now, so maybe try that silhouette but in a bright color or print. When you get dressed in the morning, sometimes start with your bottoms. Grab your fun pants or a skirt, and build an outfit from there. Honestly the best thing to do is to just make yourself do it.	episode_done:True
text:Do you have a concept of "Par Value" in menswear?	labels:From a logical perspective, it makes a lot of sense and this system would work for most people. I think everyone naturally has a different idea of what "on par" means to them given their budget and taste and there's a saying that the value of a piece is what the buyer is willing to pay for it. Sometimes there will be those pieces that just speak to you regardless of the price and while those are a rarity, I would like to see that incorporated into this system. This is more true when you start going up the scale where fashion becomes more of an art form instead of "clothes". For me, I would pay $1000 for a Craig Green jacket because I love his work and it speaks to me on a deeper level like a '97 Honda NSX would; to me the experience is worth the money. While the numbers are important, to match your golf analogy, it's still a game to have fun.
text:Wardrobe not updated	labels:One thing I can say is it’s a safe bet to buy AF1s they will always be in style.	episode_done:True
text:What do you carry in your handbag?	labels:I’m known as the Mary Poppins in my friend group, because my bag contains everything I could possibly need. It’s a bit excessive, but it works for me. And I have a small bag.  1) Hand Sanitizer, Porta-Charger 2) Phone & Keys 3) Wallet (ID cards, money, cards) 4) Sanitary Products 5) Elastic Bands, Bobby Pins, Pocket Mirror 6) Hand Cream & Tissues 7) Oil Absorbing Sheets 8) Gum, Mints 9) Hair Elastics, Comb 10) Lip Balm, Lash Glue 11) Headphones & Band-Aids 13) Wet Wipes, Tide-to-Go, Safety Pins, Mini Sewing Kit 14) Deodorant, Facial Mist 15) Travel Toothbrush & Toothpaste 16) Extra Mask
text:What bag(s) are you eying for Spring/Summer 2021?	labels:Prada 2000 re edition
text:clothes that you've made or altered significantly by hand that you're particularly proud of?	labels:My mother does this for me, some adjustments and some trousers' hems. The most ambitious project was converting an old dress to a skirt (basically take off the top, which no longer fits because my... attributes have grown) and make the waistband with that material.  I've yet to learn myself.	episode_done:True
text:What is your favorite under-the-radar leather handbags / brand?	labels:Florence leather school. All hand made. Centuries of tradition and skills passed down. Italy is the leather capitol of the world, abs Florence is the leather capitol of Italy. All their stuff is amazing	episode_done:True
text:How do you think access and privilege affect your taste and sense of style?	labels:By the time I had reached an age to care about clothes, my family went from middle to upper middle class. So I always taught to spend my money wisely and shopped sales.  I noticed that I tended to care more about my appearance and enjoyed shopping for clothes. However, my friends who struggle with money could care less. It wasn't until they were older and had a better income that they focused on buying clothes and being well dressed.  I work at a college and I do notice that students who have more money are more "fashionable" than those who don't. This is 100% because they have extra disposable income.  Fashion is 100% a privilege. I think most people want to look nice and feel good in their clothes. The difference is that some people have the extra cash to buy nicer clothes and others can barely pay their bills. So they are going to only buy clothes when it's a necessitie, and it's going to be something cheap and something that can be used in many situations (aka a plain tee shirt).   Even though fast fashion is detrimental to the environment, it does give people who struggle with money an opportunity to feel cute and good about themselves. There is big difference from buying from a thrift store because you want to score a good deal verses HAVING to because you have no options you can afford.   For my personal style, I really enjoy the minimalistic or dark academia look. I work in a college so I just really enjoy that vibe haha. If I didn't have such a soft baby face, I would probably enjoy a more grudge-y look. If I had less money, I'd probably stick to jeans and a t-shirt lol	episode_done:True
text:New Yorkers	labels:Talkin about Jeetah with my boy while dropping a deuce what’s the big deal?	episode_done:True
text:Review your winter 2020/2021 outerwear: how did your coats and sweaters hold up this season? Would you recommend your specific brand to someone looking for warm layers. Did you add anything new to your winter wardrobe that stands out?	labels:I almost completely revamped my winter wardrobe this year and tried really hard to shop sustainably and thoughtfully. I had enough jackets (am currently rocking my mom's old leather jacket, a patagonia puff, and a mountain hardware insulated ski jacket depending on the day).   The big things I did add were 8 new tops (5 good, thick sweaters, 2 waffle long sleeves, and a hooded long sleeve). Everything I get was from REI or L.L.Bean. One sweater and one waffle shirt is an REI Co-op (their in house brand), an L. L. Bean, Icebreaker,  Patagonia, and Prana sweater, the other waffle was North Face, and the hooded long sleeve was Smartwool. I love them all and have gotten rid of almost all my other tops. They are so comfortable and can be worn in many ways.  My other big addition was Kamik Sienna mid duck boots in a coffee ish color. I am in LOVE with them. They look super cute with jeans and leggings and are well put together. I have worn them almost everyday in slush, snow, rain and my feet have never been cold. I can not recommend them enough. For Christmas I got my sister in law a pair of Kamik Rouge lo snow boots and everytime I've seen her (almost every weekend) she's been wearing them.	episode_done:True
text:an amazing game	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Good point! I'd love to see some recommendations in the comment section.	labels:Vinted for the European thrifters!	episode_done:True
text:How do you care for your expensive/fragile pieces?	labels:I wash with cold water on the delicates cycle. I use a free and clear detergent and I spot treat any specific stains with shout. I air dry all clothes except jeans (sometimes I will dry an item if I want it to shrink). Certain clothes I do not wash and will have dry cleaned at the end of the season (silk blouses, nice sweaters, puffers, coats) - I will hang them in the sun to deodorize them but you can also steam (I think).	episode_done:True
text:What is your ideal first date outfit?	labels:Back when I did online dating and went on lots of first dates, I tended to keep it super casual and then just have one really flashy thing. Like jeans, sneakers, solid T-shirt, and flashy chandelier earrings. Or skip earrings and wear sequin shorts instead of jeans. If they wanted to go somewhere fancy, I just always talked them down into my comfort zone (i.e. a bar where all the staff know me, at least by sight) and will try to keep me safe if I need it.
text:Chasing the indigo dragon	labels:	episode_done:True
text:FAQ: How do I pick out my first suit for professional internships, interviews, etc.?	labels:I think the advice for "what to wear for job interviews" has changed a *lot* since the sub started. Increasingly suits aren't even a good idea in a lot of industries and you'll be over dressed.  Further, the advice from before was often to get "one good suit" and to spend a lot of money at Suit Supply or similar.   I think for a lot of people, suits will be so infrequently needed that spending $400 on a suit is most likely over kill. Especially if you're a student and on a budget.  Read the guides on how a suit should fit, a lot of that hasn't changed too much. Then go somewhere where you can try the garments on in person (writing this for if/when COVID ends) and go from there. I find it weird to recommend to beginners to try and order a suit online without seeing how the garment fits on you first or spending more than around $200 if it's something you'll need maybe twice a year for the career fairs.  Get something in a basic navy or charcoal, brown dress shoes, a white dress shirt, and a basic grenadine tie to go with it. Easy.
text:Recent Purchases - November 04	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What inspired your passion/love for fashion?	labels:My mother. Growing up I idolized her style and would always take her saris and lipsticks. It has always been something we have bonded over. When I became 6 I think that was the time she stopped wearing the sari full time and only for special occasions. I wish she  would dress up again but she says it' would take far too long to drape the fabric.   From a young age both my parents instilled into me that a good outer appearance is very important, for ones self esteem but also for how others viewed us.	episode_done:True
text:God yes, I hate neutrals. So god damn boring.	labels:I love neutrals, but I combine them with less boring shit. Those 3 and a 1/2 extra shapeless potato sacks outfits they've been pushing for a few years have got to go.	episode_done:True
text:I had a striped, boat neck, 3/4 sleeve shirt with gold embellishments from target and only bought one cuz it seemed pretty basic. They changed them and made them even more basic (thinner, no gold) and I am so sad about it. It's perfect for business casual cuz it looked nice enough but was comfy enough too 😔	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I'm the same way so I totally understand. Love u puma	labels:I love YOU hushpuppy	episode_done:True
text:The Jason Markk products that everyone talks about are really good. I know the feeling but just wear them! Cps are easy to clean so dw. They are just shoes after all :)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:THIS. All the way.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Good point. Im guessing the EU regulations are to be disregarded if the buyer is in the US. I have now seen "30 days return" in the website banner in the screenshot so given cyber monday was Nov. 30, it leaves more than enough time to get a return...	labels:Depends on a few things. They're accusing him of treating the leather with something that changed its colour, so they aren't accepting a return on that basis.  Most credit cards have built-in consumer protection so if you call your credit card company they'll typically refund you and go after the retailer. However, they do keep track of how often you do this in case you try to abuse it.
text:I’m going to grab us some beers and come for the dance party.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:For those who actually MISS clothes/makeup/getting dressed up.	labels:Yes!    TBH I’m still doing a full face of makeup most days and wearing my favorite summer dresses around the house a few times a week.  I’m so bummed though that no one has “seen” me in my clothes other than may husband and kid and they could not really care less.	episode_done:True
text:new year, old shoes — an upcycled shoe album	labels:ive been following recouture for a while on ig and really like their work, would love to get something done by them sometime	episode_done:True
text:How many distinctly different outfits do you have?	labels:So, I have a lot of different silhouettes and nice outfits that are distinct, carefully coordinated and look great; However, in practice I wear a comfortable simple uniform (jeans and sweaters) that is not any of these ‘extra’ outfits 80% of the time because I can’t be bothered with the extra fuss. It’s a little sad that the nicer outfits only get 20% of the action, but oh well, I’ve come to terms with my reality.  Overall I’m happy that I have the option to enjoy fashion and feeling put together when I’m in the mood for it. All the other times, it’s just normie boring stuff that looks vaguely similar every day. I don’t worry too much about others’ option on my boring clothes since I work in tech and most people don’t care about fashion. I get a lot more scrutiny (I’ve been asked if it’s my birthday, if I was interviewing etc.) when I wore my nicer district clothes.	episode_done:True
text:What are "iconic" items that you should know about, and their basic history? What items can singularly be identified as "starting a trend"?	labels:The Ray Ban aviator was designed in the 1930s for fighter pilots to wear under their helmets to replace flight goggles. They became stylish when General MacArthur was seen wearing them on a beach.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 24, 2020	labels:Is there a thread or subreddit about men’s hats, men in hats etc? Not brand specific. If not, can it be created?	episode_done:True
text:+J/UNIQLO SPECIAL COLLABORATION: What’s the verdict?	labels:the outerwear is all spectacular and i think much nicer quality than regular uniqlo outerwear.  i thought the sweaters were a bit thin, which was slightly disappointing.  all the cotton items are pretty standard uniqlo cotton (maybe slightly smoother) but the cuts were fun. the silk items felt nice, but not as nice as more expensive silks (obviously). the silk knit shirts were less soft than the bow blouse but i think that's just the nature of knit silks?  the wool items were all fab. i got trousers and the skirt and love them both.  also EVERYTHING WAS SO BIG? i know some of the items were supposed to be oversized but the sizing wasn't consistent. i was my usual size in skirt/pants and sweaters/shirts, but i had to size down in the oversized items because they were too big. the hybrid down coat which i got in a M (my usual uniqlo outerwear size) fit like a L or XL. the cotton shirtdress which i also got in a M (for non-outerwear i am usually between a s/m in uniqlo sizing because i am tall, and generally go with a M for sleeve length) fits like a L, but for that one i can make it work by styling it differently. if they had it in a S i would have gotten that instead, tho.  generally i am pleased with what i got. i think for the price it's not bad, and i like the cuts of the pieces and higher than usual fabric quality, although some pieces felt more worth it than others.   i do NOT think it is worth buying at a markup tho. none of the pieces were particularly unique (except maybe some of the outerwear) and you would be able to find similar pieces from other places at a similar price point i think.
text:But I feel like unlike runway fashion, concept cars are more appealing to the masses, even if they ultimately can't afford them.	labels:That’s why I like the comparison.   Clothes have a practical use. They keep you warm and dry and protect you from the elements. They also have a social use. The way you dress tells other people how you want to be interacted with. They also have an expressive use. Your orange jacket is your favorite color, the Metallica patch on your vest is there to remind you of the concert where you met your wife.  In the same way cars have a practical use. They are a conveyance to move people and things. They have a social use. A fancy new Mercedes or a well maintained classic jaguar e type tells others where you are in the hierarchy. They also have an expressive quality. Color, form, decals, tinted windows, spinner donk rims, etc.   And in both cases you’ll see where there the style portion of the item needs to be balanced against the practical and social portions. A Lamborghini Aventador is dripping in style but you can’t move furniture with it. But it still functions as a car. You can still drive it on a public highway. It still has airbags and an engine and runs on pump gas.   High fashion, like concept cars, can be completely devoid of practicality. You can see clothes warped to the point where you question how the person even walks upright wearing their outfit. Sometimes they can’t. Concept cars can be so oddly proportioned that they cant fit an engine or drivetrain. Sometimes they don’t even have working doors on hinges. But that’s the point. It’s to turn the expression and social interaction values to maximum without having to compromise with practicality.	episode_done:True
text:Style rut: Pinterest vs reality	labels:1. Your friend sucks.  2. Can we see the inspo board and examples of what you normally wear? (And like, what you need out of your clothes like dress codes and safety concerns)	episode_done:True
text:Work From Home Outfits I Should Wear More Often	labels:Good video, subbed!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 25, 2020	labels:Merry Christmas, gent(ile)s.	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone have any visual guides for how clothes should fit	labels:I really needed to know about that blog! The Petite Pear!	episode_done:True
text:Caruso Fall/Winter 2020	labels:Holy fuck that might be some of the best outerwear I’ve seen in a while	episode_done:True
text:What’s a piece you bought before the pandemic, but haven’t worn a single time since because the occasion has been cancelled/we have literally nowhere to go?	labels:My husband and I flew home from our honeymoon about 12 hours early because everything seemed to be hitting the fan with COVID at home. I still have two lovely cocktail dresses I was going to choose between for a last fancy date. That was sad. But for NYE my sister and I each wore one and put on makeup to make vision boards for 2021. I hope at some point to be able to wear them outside of the house.	episode_done:True
text:A complete capsule wardrobe - casual version	labels:Vintage daily driver being a Pepsi Rolex GMT! It’s super complementary to the capsule wardrobe being a super versatile watch.
text:Tbh this is why I shop on the men’s section for hoodies and sweats- a $20 hoodie in the men’s section is $80-$100 in the women’s, and they’re better quality too/last longer. H&M blessed it	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Inspo: From the BIPOC Owned Small Business Thread	labels:Can we talk about that bright red high collared jacket!!!	episode_done:True
text:Very rarely. They are generally excluded from most sitewide sales, though I have seen them on sale once for 30% off and it was during the spring 2020 COVID-blowout sales when nobody was buying anything. It’s a nice piece, you can feel pretty confident about paying full price without it going on sale the following week.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Learning about technical side of clothes - fabrics, care, quality etc.	labels:I think a lot of people here that say their clothing falls apart quickly aren't properly caring for their clothes. Growing up I learned to wash everything together on cold. As an adult I had to read articles and watch YouTube videos on how to care for my clothing. I recommend everyone learn how to properly launder their clothing.
text:You missed out.	labels:Oh, I'll probably still read it, I'm sure it's excellent. I was just focused on work -- an oddity for me, but hey, it was a busy thursday.	episode_done:True
text:One Can Never Have Enough Socks - Happy Holidays MFA	labels:My sister and her bf are getting Chup socks for Christmas. And my brother will be getting Anonymousism fair isle socks.   It's always fun gifting socks and they're always among the gifts I most enjoy getting.	episode_done:True
text:Capsule wardrobes?	labels:I have a capsule wardrobe for my corporate work wear cause I don't like having to think about what I wear. It's about 20 pieces, mainly navy, black and white with a couple of floral pieces for a statement. But my everyday casual wear I tried a capsule but decided against it. I enjoy experimenting with styles and different outfits too much. I found a capsule too limiting for my casual wear.	episode_done:True
text:Yeah, speaking of novelty, I'd say 75% of compliments are basically "I noticed this". People aren't going to lie (Compliments, especially unprompted are going to be genuine), but saliency is the key feature.	labels:> I'd say 75% of compliments are basically "I noticed this".   Exactly! It’s for this reason that (in most instances) I usually prefer people not notice my clothing enough to compliment any specific item.   As an example, I can wear a bright coral sweater and receive many compliments on it — but that’s because coral washes me out so badly that the sweater is all anyone notices. Or I can wear statement earrings. They’d utterly overwhelm my face, but I’d surely get comments and compliments.   A neutral grey sweater is a much less exciting item and is less likely to attract attention or compliments on its own — but I know that grey  makes my skin and eyes/hair pop in a way that make *me* look good as opposed to the clothing.
text:Victorian, but Make it Fashion - Fashion Week Spring 2021 Inspo Album	labels:Thanks so much for this! This is the first season I have been really excited in a long time. So many of the outfits seem like they were inspired by social distancing, But would that give the designers enough lead time? I don’t know enough about industry to answer this question.
text:Mostly business info but I was wondering: How is your business doing?   Why does Savile Row as a collective not really work together on marketing and media?      Is there a big gap between a Tailor's management and workers?	labels:Business for us is doing exceptionally well, thank you for asking. We are unique in the Savile Row shops that we have a fully equipped team in the US (cutter, undercutter, seller, etc.) so have been able to keep the US business thriving while most of our competitors have not been able to travel to the US. Its been a slight rise YOY. Coincidentally, we are most worried about Q1 2021.   The short answer is that most of the shops on Savile Row just don't do much marketing, period. We have done some stuff here and there with different partners to get word out, but it is still very much an old school, word of mouth business. With that there is still a strong reliance on the thought process of "**We** are Savile Row! They will come to **us**!". Its a bit antiquated, and isn't the best aspect of the business. Also, most of the marketing and media opportunities that do come through tend to heavily advantage one shop or another, and therefore you want to do what you can to highlight your own brand vs. all of the shops. Think of someone like PTO or Permanent Style doing an article on one of the Saville Row shops -- they won't be likely to name drop all of the other shops along the way.   I'm not quite sure what you are asking about the third question, if you'd like to clarify I'm happy to answer. Are you asking if there is a gap between who manages the tailors and the tailors themselves? Cutters vs. Tailors?	episode_done:True
text:Bodysuits better than skims (important)	labels:I have never worn a contour bodysuit and I am interested! Is this purely shapewear or can you wear it as an actual garment? How do you style it?
text:Your Go-To Tee Is Actually a Turtleneck	labels:I have some Uniqlo warm thermal ones that are pretty nice, but you do get a bit clammy after a few hours, but it doesn't have the same heavyweight warm feeling a wool jumper provides.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 20, 2020	labels:If I ever get a job with a dress code, I will have very little choice but to get big into Thom Browne.
text:And I think of velvet dresses as being the party dresses I had as a child in the 1960s!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Wow. Another INTP here, when I read the title of this post I thought “nah, not everything relates to personality”. But this actually describes my relationship with fashion perfectly. Also I would totally wear a cape if it wasn’t seen as weird.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:^He speak’ith thy truth!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Ladies with eczema or sensitive skin, what kind of leisure wear, tights, and leggings do you buy?	labels:\--lululemon align leggings (size up).  Closest to wearing nothing that I've found in a legging.  \--gap pure body modal joggers.  These are actually like wearing nothing.	episode_done:True
text:Recent Purchases - January 06, 2021	labels:Boxer briefs from Meundies, boxer briefs and trunks from Pair of Thieves, trunks from Saxx.  Sweat shorts from Old Navy and Eddie Bauer.  Working from home has really made me focus on comfy.
text:Good Cheap Stuff Appreciation	labels:r/frugalmalefashion	episode_done:True
text:Why Ralph Lauren Never Goes Out of Style	labels:I f***ing love old Ralph Lauren. I eat that stuff up. I agree that the quality is part of why it never goes out of style. But also Ralph Lauren is still huge and relevant today, so vintage pieces feel both en vogue and archival, a very "intellectual" take on an American classic. Like an old Herman Miller chair. It was cool then and it's cool now. And RL has infiltrated all sorts of cultures, namely hip hop and streetwear meaning the demand for it isn't just bankers. And RL has been a titan of American fashion in that he sort of figured out his formulas a while ago and hasn't changed that much. RL from the past is just as recognizable as RL from today. In my opinion it's aged unbelievably well. Old RL pieces are like darling Americana that can styled with anything. An old RL knit hangs just as well with streetwear as it does with jeans and boots. And while similar brands like BB are nice, they are one trick ponies. RL has and continues to offer an expansive product line from tech skiwear to western clothes. I think this huge line up means that even if there are duds, they are hidden by the massive catalog of hit pieces like the bear line up.
text:General Discussion - November 18, 2020	labels:I really want to put together an album to offend lurkers now.
text:I just bought some matching bralette and panty sets! It’s the perfect cozy+sexy feeling. Under a big blanket, warm robe, or pajamas.. lounging while feeling put together.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How to Make a Savile Row Suit: A Short Documentary from the Museum of Modern Art	labels:RemindMe! 1 day	episode_done:True
text:bro you've never seen gilets and chore jackets huh?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Vince is awesome!  I used to work for BNY and they carried Vince, I always thought their pieces were super simple/minimalistic but very beautiful and comfortable.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Buy it for ~~life~~ wife	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Does your language affect how you wear colors?	labels:This is called the Sapir-Whorf hypothesis or linguistic relativity in linguistics and is widely rejected by modern (post-WWII) linguists. There's simply not any evidence to support that our language strongly affects our perception.
text:L.L.Bean x Todd Snyder Brings Heritage Menswear Squarely Into 2020	labels:Mainer here, if you’re looking for super comfy slippers, LL Bean is where it’s at. Definitely recommend them	episode_done:True
text:Honestly not sure what the downvotes are for but I think you'd find better luck in r/femalefashionadvice for andro and femme?	labels:I posted there too, thanks	episode_done:True
text:I think it’s really sad when people want to flex CK or MK. Like at least pick a higher end brand like LV or don’t flex at all. Personally I prefer non-branded stuff.	labels:I dont think the people wearing these can afford higher-end	episode_done:True
text:Oh yes totally, I definitely need a degree in it. Never Said anything about that. In addition the work has to be put in is definitely massive I understand that.  My question more should I tough it out for 1.5 years at my state university and double major in Marketing/fashion design.  Or  Go to PRATT in nyc and do purely fashion but have to go 3-4 years again.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:no that implies you have to be old to participate	labels:well presumably everyone used to be a kid lol    Except u/jahnsas
text:I'm glad you found them! This reminds me of my mother's similar miracle with her wedding ring! Her ring is not fancy, it has a single, small round diamond in a gold 6-prong setting.   Well, the stone fell out at some point, and my mother didn't know exactly where or when. We all looked everywhere, but how do you even start to look for something that's only a few mm? We scoured the house with flashlights looking for any sparkle. We even cut open the vacuum bag and sifted through everything, same everytime someone swept or dusted. Replacing it was not an expense my parents could really afford.   A few weeks later she'd given up and had decided it would have to be replaced somehow...until she noticed a small sparkle on the [very narrow] back rim of the top loading washer by the hinge of the lid. No clue how it didn't just fall into the washer when she put the clothes in! My best guess is it fell out of a pocket and that's where it landed.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 12, 2020	labels:Does anybody know anything about the length of Brooks Brothers dress shirts? In particular, if you go up in neck size or sleeve length, does the shirt get longer as well (and if so, by how much)? I purchased a shirt in my exact size and it was too short, so I'm thinking I could order it with longer sleeves or a slightly bigger neck and just get it tailored (assuming it will make it longer). I looked at the sizing info on their website and didn't see anything regarding length though.  Thanks	episode_done:True
text:Funny question	labels:Black. Leather. Jacket.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 03, 2021	labels:6'3, 240 lb, 46r, 36x32 - any brand rec's from similar sized gents? Thanks	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday- Call for Submission	labels:\- Your clothes are ruined by a house fire, but you have no budget to replace them. Which charred scraps will you wear? Which singed item is now your favourite? Which molten accessory will you pair with your outfit?   \- Your new crush is only turned on by food. Which delicious, home cooked/prepped/baked outfit will you wear to seduce them? How does your outfit represent their food choices (chocolate addict, vegan, lactose intolerant)?   \- You are visiting your mother for a few days, but somehow your clothes got lost. Which items from her wardrobe will you wear? Do you end up looking like your mom or are you able to wear something that represents your own style? Bonus question: how would your mom like if the situation was reversed?   \- You get a last minute invitation to a party. The dresscode says only 'Christmas'. Alas, you do not own anything Christmas themed. What outfit can you come up with (using only non-Christmas themed items) that is still Christmas-y? Beginner level: it is winter. Expert level: it is summer.  \- Your friend(s)/colleague/whatever asks you to help them find an outfit. You thought they would never ask! This is your chance. What outfit do you think they would look great in? How different is it from their regular outfits? Why have they never thought of this themselves?   \- Society as we know it has changed. Nowadays, everyone on Earth wears the same, neutral outfit. The only way you can express your individuality is through your shoes. Which ones do you wear to represent your style, interests or personality? Which (hidden) message do they convey?
text:From 'Doctor Who' to 'Outlander': How Fans Craft Reverse Engineer Knits	labels:Watched Outlander with my wife last year, her birthday was around so I decided to gift her something linked to the series. The cool blue-brown tartan they made up for the show really appealed to me, so I tried to buy it somewhere. It wasn’t very easy, the stuff people have on Etsy is of questionable quality, nothing is sold in my country of course, so what I did is purchase a licensed tartan shawl from a quaint little shop in Scotland. If anyone is looking for something similar, it’s called Gretna Green. Now every time I look at it it reminds me of Diana Gabaldon’s bizarre rape fantasies.
text:Inspo Album: Ringing in the New Year!	labels:Sequin sweatsuit is the vibe for 2020 NYE	episode_done:True
text:Brands that are actually great that you discovered on Instagram?	labels:Ruggable!  Amazing customer service and cool product.  Edit: (I was fast scrolling and didn’t realize this was in Female fashion advice.  I’m not advising you wear a rug.  I’m such a dork!)
text:Inspo Albums: Quirky Professor/Librarian, Edgy Bohemian, and Governess Chic	labels:I really like the edgy board! Does anyone know what type of braids the girl in the 6th picture is wearing?	episode_done:True
text:Denim Jacket as a Layering Piece	labels:As a mid layer, it looks forced and unnatural to me. I am curious about others thoughts, does this look good to anyone?
text:The best running shorts — 12 pairs tested (full post in comments)	labels:There is no reason to get a pair of $160 running shorts   If you want to go for a nicer pair of shorts in terms of looks and function than tracksmith is great. VC, session and twilight are all great options that look good and feel good running and at half the cost. Still pricey but compared to other high end tunning shorts by nike or Adidas they are comparable   But you can also get great shorts for $20 by new balance, brooks, nike, adidas, saucony and so on that are great comfortable and look decent. The main difference I've found between a 20 dollar shorts and a 80 dollar pair is durability. The 20 dollar pair still will last 3-5 years of serious running but the 60 dollar pair is forever	episode_done:True
text:Creative pragmatism light	labels:This style is surprisingly attainable for me after several years of hardcore minimalism. Once I got to a place where my basics are both on point and super pragmatic, then I have been able to incorporate a few Tibi and Tibi-like statement pieces into my rotation. I’m no longer a minimalist in terms of style - I like buying a couple “big impact” things every year to jazz up my clothes, especially oversized  or dramatic drape or “origami structure” on tops and coats. A single piece really changes an outfit and you don’t need many pieces in rotation to suddenly change your style. Amy Smilovic appears to do a similar thing - keep several things “basic” (neutral color, solid/no pattern, uniform texture, unadorned (no bling or fringes etc) and the play with one thing (her thing seems to be oversized fit and pleats).  The only reason I bring up minimalism is because I cannot emphasize more how much the basics being “just right” makes my dramatic pieces work. Especially with oversized, it’s a thin line between slob and stylish. Those big pleated dad pants Amy Smilovic wears? The rest of the outfit should be sharp or you look like you simply don’t know how clothes should fit. Not everyone needs to first develop an “unfashionable” base before reaching for both fashionable and pragmatic, but I did.   As for Tibi, I know them most for silks and for their origami shapes. GoSilk is a great option for patterned silk and Roksanda has the shapes. Ganni and Comme Les Garcons has some of the quirkinesses and oversized looks. But none of them are cheap either unless you score a good sale. If you can identify exactly what you like about Tibi, we can make more recommendations.
text:Shitpost Saturday: Pockets in Women's Clothing	labels:I would keep my secret wine flask, my wine purse with a secret wine compartment in it, some mini bottles of wine, two wine glasses, and a couple three regular size bottles of wine. Also a box of wine in each cargo pocket. Those pockets will be embroidered with sayings like "It's wine o clock!" and "This wine is making me awesome!" Am I right ladies?	episode_done:True
text:What Are Your Regional Fashion Stereotypes?	labels:**Brisbane, Australia.**  RM Williams Craftsman in Chestnut  Chinos or jeans  OCBD or dress shirt  **Canberra, Australia.**  TNF Nuptse  Varying bottom combos  Or just straight up goths	episode_done:True
text:I worked in a restaurant that said something similar to me, I had straight leg black dress pants (the uniform was black dress pants-no requirement on cut) and they said my pants were too tight and revealing and I had to wear flared ones. First of all flares weren't in style so it was impossible to find them, second of all who is getting turned on by my sheathed calves, and third of all flares are a tripping hazard and get dirtier. People will pick on the stupidest things	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Share what are your quick tips to always look polished !	labels:this thread gets posted practically every 30 days and the advice never changes, lol	episode_done:True
text:My pop culture knowledge tells me they are called the "Fab Five".	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Knit Tie Inspo / Lookbook	labels:Modern knit tie wearer, I immediately think about Richard Ayaode.    It's a bit of a signature for him.
text:Oh wow, the morse code jewelry is so cool! Thanks!!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Looking for a Shear Thing (Shearling Jackets)	labels:came here to post bane, good work OP	episode_done:True
text:my favourite was the guy bragging about how all his lounge pants were homemade by his mother so he doesn't need to spend money on sweats like the rest of us.   while also saying how sweatpants are not meant for outdoors because his pairs never fit right	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Married dad-of-three wears skirts and heels to work ‘because he can’	labels:I mean good for him he's got the legs for it, but I almost wish this wasn't so newsworthy. Tons of people do this every day and it feels like the way this article was written still inappropriately enforces a gender binary.  > This very straight and married father man who is an engineer and loves cars totally breaks the rules by wearing clothes made for women and nobody else  Rather we could say  > Person puts on clothes that fit them, looks good  But that isn't such a gripping headline
text:Yes, protests do work! Us in Poland had our fair share of protests in the past few weeks, after our authoritarian government imposed virtually a full abortion ban. We didn't succeed yet, but I'm sure they will back off. Best of luck to your nation!	labels:Best of lucks to you to mate!  Fuck dictatorships	episode_done:True
text:Agreed! I like to buy from a few local resale shops in my area that are women-owned. Therefore supporting women, my local community, and much more eco friendly than buying new. Try finding ways to support women of color’s businesses, especially!   Instagram resale is big now, too. This can support individual women rather than companies, and again is more environmentally conscious.	labels:depop could be a good bet if you like the social resales.	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Mellow Yellow	labels:This is a wonderful album, thank you.  There are many unusual silhouettes that I love and would like to see more of. Not sure if it is just because of the yellow, but so many of these ladies look happy and comfortable.  It's bold and they are owning it and that's cheered me right up.	episode_done:True
text:Your favorite ___ for $___: Sweatpants	labels:# What should we do next?
text:same for wool! people think wool is only good for winter to keep you warm, but some wool garments are great at keeping you cool as well!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Me too! I'm 30. I honestly think they extracted my fuck giving bladder when they yanked my son out. Then at 3 months after birth, my hair fell out literally in clumps. I can't say I felt too bad about it, because I was kinda busy with a nursing 24/7 baby.  However, now that it's starting to grow back, I fit into my clothes better, and my son turned one and rejected them boobies all of a sudden in one day, haha!.. I feel inspired!   Fashion wise, somewhere in life when I focused my very least on fashion, is where I found my true joy for clothing. Not shopping, just.. Matching and organizing my closet and appreciating all that fancy stuff I hadn't used in years. I just feel more confident and better looking than ever before!  And yes, I have a pair of skinny high waisted jeans 🙄 They're not out of style, guys. At least not in Scandinavia.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Jokes on you, i wear all of my pants like they’re high rise. My balls have no chance	labels:Testicular removal is the 2021 trend, calling it right now.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 28, 2020	labels:Been looking for a particular style of coat for over a year. Couldn't find anything similar as the original inspiration was years old. Finally settled on something "close enough" that I was happy with, spent over a month exchanging the size to get it right, finalized everything and took the tags off last week.  Then today I walked past The Kooples on the way to the bathroom and saw the exact fucking coat I wanted 50% off, roughly what I paid for the first coat. Fit perfectly off the rack. For fuck's sake.  I am now poor.
text:I need help with getting rid of clothes	labels:I very recently purged my wardrobe majorly. I ended up getting rid of lots of items that I loved in college, but they simply don’t suit me any longer as I’m finishing law school and beginning a professional career.   I kept asking myself, as I went through piece by piece, “does this have a place in my future? When I envision myself as I wish to be perceived, does this article of clothing suit that version of myself?” I don’t mean it to sound super deep lol but that helped me a lot as I navigated trying to nail down a personal style.   I got rid of SO much, and I feel great. My closet looks so nice and less cramped and chaotic. I have been slowly incorporating some versatile basics, but before I make any new purchase I make myself think out three to five different ways I could style the piece with what I already have on hand. I’m also trying to make a point to cut out most acrylic and purchase higher quality fabrics that will (hopefully) last for many years.	episode_done:True
text:Do people not wear those anymore? What is the go now? I’m still wearing mine :/	labels:They're still worn, you don't need to worry.	episode_done:True
text:Top of WAYWT - September 2020	labels:Where can I cop a pair of chinos or chords that are a similar shade to 7?	episode_done:True
text:Winston & Co. Shawl Collar Cardigan Review (But mostly preamble)	labels:I'd suggest checking out Kent Wang. Had an eye on their shawl cardigans for a while. Think they launched a custom build recently and offered 30ish colors. Custom sizing if you prefer too. The website does say to size up.
text:Tailoring as a lifestyle choice - Suiting in The Crown	labels:In the age of WFH, what if men just started really living in their tailoring? Hands thrust in pockets, lounging on a picnic blanket, feet up binging Netflix?  An interesting thought exists that as mens casual wear became more acceptable that suiting became more structured and stiff. Thoughts?
text:What stores have you been seeing these looks in?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:It's really liberating to have that realization. Breaking gender norms won't always be appropriate and you have to accept that you'll get looks, but it's freeing to no longer be held by flawed ideas drilled into you from birth. And the majority of fashion is opened to you.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 20	labels:Working from home has been a struggle. Started doing it in March when everything shut down and it was ok (kept to routine of showering, putting on "office clothes" to feel like I'm going to work, etc). Now all I do is roll out of bed about 10 minutes before I start, make coffee and sit my ass on the chair and work the whole day.   Even my clothing purchases have all been tshirts and sweatshirts. I can't even remember the last time I bought a button down dress shirt.
text:Green Queens: An Inspo Album	labels:I’ve been obsessed with green since I first laid eyes on that beautiful emerald green silk dress in Atonement. My husband even proposed to me with an emerald!	episode_done:True
text:Sizing relationships between brands	labels:Poshmark might work well for you once you find your ideal clothing measurements. Good sellers will either list measurements in the listing, or will gladly measure the clothing for you if you ask. This is awesome because you are getting the measurements of the EXACT item of clothing.   If you find a piece of clothing that fits well, you can use that as a baseline measurement for similar styles. For example, if I have some dresses that are a perfect length, or shorts that fit perfect in the hips, etc, I’ll search for similar brands or shapes and try to match the size and measurements of the item I have at home.	episode_done:True
text:how often do you wash your clothes?	labels:Note-- I have to do laundry offsite and pay per load.  I air dry my clothes, but draw the line at hand washing ANYTHING.  Underwear, socks, masks, gym clothes (in normal times), cotton facial pads-- after each use.    Bras-- 2-3 wears depending on how sweaty I get.  Shirts, bottoms, skirts, dresses--- Usually 3-4 times depending on use.  Skirts-- 5-6 times (these don't touch the crotch area so they don't get as dirty as other bottoms).  Outer layers (sweaters, sweatshirts, etc)--- As needed (I always have something under these).  PJs-- 3-4 wears  Sheets-- Every 2 weeks or so  Towels-- Washcloths-- after each use (I use two a day to wash my face), body towel-- after about a week.  Hair towel-- when I remember to (I only use this towel for my hair and wash my hair twice a week).  Hand towels, dish towels, etc-- as needed.  Other bedding-- (blankets, comforters, etc)--- twice a year (Spring and fall).	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone have a "uniform"?	labels:I often buy multiples of items I love. I bought several of the same cardigan after I realized that I wore it more than any other sweater I owned. It's great!  Another thing I do is, when I see an item I like, I mentally run through my closet and see if it will mesh with what I already own. If it works, I get it. If I'd have to buy several new items to make it work, I don't. For this reason, I don't own many t-shirts, but I do own lots of sweaters and dresses.
text:What's your fashion tragedy?	labels:I spent like two months investing in a bunch of nice wool sweaters that I could wear through the winter, put them in a separate laundry bin after wearing so I could launder them myself, but my ex washed and dried them on high heat and they all shrunk so badly that I couldn't even fit them on my dog. About $1500 gone.
text:That's the most badass line I've ever seen typed	labels:In your honor, Ms. Addams.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there! Thanks for the heads up, I suppose I won't count on the raw denim to fix this issue. Based on what you and others have said, I may have to give the sizing a closer look!  Very helpful :)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:That’s such a good idea thanks for sharing! I’ve been eyeing this pair of corduroy pants but have yet to gather the courage to get it haha	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What's your favorite kind of novelty clothing?	labels:silly earrings! my favorite are a pair of tacky wooden cats wearing sunglasses in vibrant '90s colors. thrifted, ofc. they're like 4 inches long, super lightweight, ridiculous, and wonderful. they get many compliments.
text:Damn now that’s the life. Own a few Stanley tees and they’re my favorite tees ever. Incredibly comfortable and the Marlon Brando fit	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What is your go-to favourite dress to wear in the cooler months?	labels:I have a long sleeve mock neck dress that I love wearing over thick leggings with snow boots. There's something about it that screams comfy winter clothes but it still looks really polished.	episode_done:True
text:Better With Age: 10 Things Better Bought Used – Put This On	labels:Hey all, I'm one of the guys Derek mentioned in the article.   I'd say fully half of my closet is used, if not more.  I used to thrift a lot when I was younger but as I've gotten older, I've decided that I'd rather than spend my time, I'll spend money at Grailed, eBay, and consignment stores.  Regarding the latter, San Francisco has two that are well-curated: Goodbyes and Sui Generis.  Just passing this on in case there are any SF Reddit users.	episode_done:True
text:1 Year - A Kmn6784 2020 Wardrobe Album	labels:This really reminds me of tttigre's wardrobe album post from years ago.      Good stuff, man. You got some real deals on a lot of things - especially some of the shoes, good god.	episode_done:True
text:Exactly, I saw the trailer for the Netflix show and was like heck no.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Do You Ever See A Cute Outfit, Try To Replicate It And End Up Hating It On Yourself? How Did You Fix That? Did You Ever Get The Answer As To Why It Didn't "Look Right" On You?	labels:I have a problem with dress bodices not fitting correctly. I have an extremely long torso, and I can't count the times that I loved how the bodice of a dress looked on a model only to have it look bizzare and foreshortened on me.	episode_done:True
text:Sounds like a great hat! Happy cake day!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Trends yo	labels:Love the new flair, Nay	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 22	labels:Bruh I have so many unfinished sewing projects (pocket jacket, boro pants, 2 camo jackets, a rugby, 2 overcoats, my 3rd Fjällräven Räven, 2 sweatpants, a paint splatter patchwork sweatshirt, wool cargo pants etc etc) and all I wanna do is start work on a patchwork utility vest. Why must my desire for DIY clothes be so much larger than my productivity and skill in making them 😔😔😔	episode_done:True
text:What do you guys think about sites like Poshmark and Curtsey?	labels:I like Poshmark. They have a good selection of stuff and you can communicate with the seller. However I would definitely stick with The RealReal or Vestiaire Collective for higher end items since they authenticate everything. Every time I see used designer on Poshmark I’m always worried it’s fake	episode_done:True
text:It's a year now but might become two (Depends on the opportunities pending over there) but buying clothing where I'm going can be quite expensive, and shipping would be really expensive too since it would be from one side of the world to quite literally the other.  I don't think it'll be difficult to find clothing my size for emergencies I'm pretty average size 8/10 5'3. But I'll keep the size change in mind, I do tend to fluctuate weight and I hadn't considered that at all. Thank you!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:hi how do i subscribe to fashion real facts? this is great!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:BoF: J. Crew's New CEO has a Survival Plan: Edit out the Ugly	labels:i just feel like their price points are so high and the quality can be kind of mediocre. they’re stuck in a weird place where their pricing is too expensive for the average consumer who’s trained to expect bargains and too cheap for someone who buys luxury or higher end pieces.   even with their random extra 50% off sales, it’s still above what people expect to pay. but then again, madewell is thriving. (though i think that has more to do with being able to capture an on-trend aesthetic.)
text:Maybe my first real dip into ML will be to take all of the great MFA copy-pastas and make a bot that comments on every thread just to take the wind out of their sales.	labels:You know they will just all agree with the bot.
text:Look to Ethan Newton (from Brycelands) and Benjamin Phillips (from Drake's) as examples!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What work for my boyfriends taste and body type?	labels:I also suggest that when he tucks in his shirts, he should use shirt garters (or shirt stays). It has done good things for me.	episode_done:True
text:All-time favorite cold weather pieces?	labels:Can anyone recommend some good over-the-knee boots?	episode_done:True
text:Ladies with eczema or sensitive skin, what kind of leisure wear, tights, and leggings do you buy?	labels:They are expensive, but for wearing under skirts/dresses, I find that silk or a silk/cashmere stocking blend works best for me. I find them used or gently used, and do my best to take extremely good care of them. I also found that going on an anti-inflammatory diet helps quite a bit, and using unscented everything and being very careful with my laundry soaps. I use wool drier balls, and am in love with those, too, in place of any softener. I generally sleep without clothing/underwear, unless I am staying at my parents or in-laws, in which case I opt for a fairly modest silk nightgown. At home, I wear 100% cotton leggings or a dress for leisure wear.	episode_done:True
text:lol I apparently listened to The Distillers' Coral Fang album 50 times during finals week last spring. for some reason I could just pump out words to that album	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Name names	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Hot Southern Gothic Summer / Inspo album / Because we needed another for 2021!	labels:Oh lord. As a Southerner these clothes make me feel very hot! I’m a fan of poet/bishop style tops in gauze, cottons and linen. Airy high waisted skirts. Stetson’s Santa Monica straw fedora. Chantilly lace. Painted hand fans. White slip dresses in the vein of Liz Taylor in Cat on a Hot Tin Roof. And the film Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 11, 2021	labels:Does anyone know of a legit anime streetwear website that ships to the UK? I see a lot but don’t know which is best for quality and also being legit.	episode_done:True
text:Anyone have a job that requires you to wear "work clothes" (nursing, trades, etc.)? What is your off-duty wardrobe like?	labels:I ride horses professionally and manage a boarding facility, so my daily wear has to be appropriate for riding 8 horses a day (so breeches, knee high socks, athletic shirts), getting dirty (mud boots, overclothes I don't much care about), and staying warm/dry (seven billion layers of hobo coats). Unfortunately, my personal style is more of a mix of cottagecore/Edwardian/grungy Audrey Hepburn, which as you can imagine has absolutely no place whatsoever in my day to day life. I am also a compulsive clothes hoarder (screw you, Goodwill and thrift shopping!)  &#x200B;  I got sick and tired of seeing all these beautiful clothes in my closets that I *never* wore, so I purged it completely. I have two to three outfits for every occasion, two pairs of going - out jeans, and one pair of black heels now, with the ability to mix and match in between. Since I never really go anywhere, I always feel like I'm wearing something new when I do! Most of my pieces are more or less "timeless styles," and then I try and get one new thing every season to keep my wardrobe up with the times. But I have a rule that every time I buy a new thing, I have to throw one item out, which helps with the clothes hoarding!   &#x200B;  Luckily, I have some room for fashion in my work wear. I try and get trendy colored breeches in earth tones, find complementary shirts and jackets, cool socks, etc. I also have the awesome opportunity to color coordinate with my horse *and* his tack, which most people can't say, so I'll take that over being truly fashionable any day! (Did you guys know it's actually pretty difficult to pick a color scheme that also complements the exact shade of your horses coat properly? It's hard enough to determine whether humans are cool or warm or whatever....)	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 22	labels:A black denim jacket inspo album gets posted and an hour later my jacket gets sold. Thank you MFA, very cool!
text:Dress shoes EEE trouble	labels:As some posters have mentioned, Allen Edmonds makes great dress shoes and have width sizes up to EEE (3E). They also make orthotic shoes or used to at least. I know price is a big factor for you, so I *highly* recommend checking eBay for a used pair of Allen Edmonds orthotics in 3E. As long as you don’t mind wearing used shoes. You can often find like new or barely used pairs. The orthotic models often go for under $50 used in my experience (I sell used dress shoes online).   I can help find you a pair. You can PM me or comment your normal shoe size and I can see if I can find a suitable, fashionable shoe for you on eBay.	episode_done:True
text:Throwback Thursday: Revisiting "A Primer on Materials"	labels:The postive - really in depth, nice and easy to read without too many overly technical terms  The constructive - I’m neither vegan nor vegetarian, but I would like to see updates for the angora and silk sections. The angora industry turned into a depraved mess, and a surprising amount of people don’t seem aware that silk worms are often killed during production. Peace silk does try to avoid this.
text:WEEKLY DEALZ	labels:Intermix is having a sale!   The realreal always has a 20% off code. It’s just REAL	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- November 03	labels: Are Patagonia retro pile pullovers  the same lengths from xs-m? I can only find measurements that aren't the length on Patagonia, REI, Etc. I tried contacting them but they're closed for the election.	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Thoughts and Prayers	labels:I really think we need to bring back the worship of cats. We should also all dress up as cats and try to act like cats as much as possible throughout our daily lives. We should adopt all the cats and let them be our leaders. I guarantee you that if you had a bunch of cats with yes/no buttons randomly pick our foreign and national policy, we would end up in a better position than where we are now.
text:A discussion about “knockoff culture”	labels:Most designs are not unique imo.  Designs and inspiration is a grey area.  There are some situations where I can see blatant copying but they’re pretty rare.  Like if a unique pattern on the fabric is copied or something.  I’m all for affordable options when it’s not plagiarism, I love fashion but it can be overpriced and elitist.  And accessibility for people who don’t want to spend ridiculous amounts on designer clothes is a plus to me, I know that’s controversial.  Honestly some of the most heinous and shameless theft of ideas often comes from big designers.  I don’t think that first top is even something original enough to be stolen.  It’s a v backless ribbed bodysuit, right?  Common, simple fabric/pattern.  The sweater is *slightly* more unique but imo just a few common trends put together.  And the other sweater doesn’t really look much like it imo.	episode_done:True
text:I like Uniqlo’s tank tops. There a 95/5 blend of cotton and spandex. I get them second hand. I miss Gap’s ribbed mostly cotton tanks myself. Tanks are such a great item	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - February 17, 2021	labels:Why do OCBDs unlock my inner keyboard warrior
text:General Discussion - December 03, 2020	labels:Guys, I just want to say thanks for keeping GD lighthearted, fun, and pleasant. It's a damn oasis in this shitbox of a website/world.
text:I second this: I’ve bought too many clothes too many times to fit into a trend that doesn’t fit my style or body type.  Keep the clothes you’re comfortable with, donate what doesn’t fit/work for you anymore, and spend some time discovering your style identity before making any purchases.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Building a sense of style and finding joy in fashion during a pandemic?	labels:I was reading this description the other day, and thinking how much I like it  >We know this woman, she invests in good coats, only wears two pairs of jeans and eight pairs of shoes   When I was in college, my most expensive clothing needs (coats and shoes) were also my most neglected ones. If you need focus and inspiration, identifying high impact items that you still need in your current closet will make a big difference; and then don’t compromise on those
text:Does anyone have a "uniform"?	labels:I wouldn’t call it a uniform per se, but I think I’m a very “formulaic” dresser when it comes to everyday workwear and casual wear.   For a work day, it’s always black loafers + black pants + simple top, whether it be a sweater or blouse. I work in a very conservative industry but my office is usually pretty casual, so I find this formula is best for most days and I can throw on a blazer or heels I keep in my office if needed. I would hate to be in a situation where I have to run to a meeting short notice, which happens more often than I’d like to admit, and look like a sore thumb in terms of casualness compared to the other women in the room, who are usually a lot older and more advanced in their careers than I am. I pretty much only wear the same jewelry everyday for work too.   For going out and weekends, it’s usually fun shoes + jeans + nice top + a fun element, either a statement bracelet or statement earrings.   I think my style can get a bit predictable in that I own the same pair of black pants 4 times and 3 pairs of very similar loafers, but I have fun items like cheetah ankle boots I’m obsessed with to make it fun, but can also get away with for work. I echo previous comments about fussing over tops though with this formula, and the idiocy of men copying Zuckerberg or Jobs with the uniforms... don’t they realize that they don’t/didn’t look particularly good??	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 30, 2020	labels:<rant>  If I said "Wear cropped jackets so you look taller" I'd be laughed out of the room but somehow "Short people shouldn't wear long coats" is a valid thing?   Also what's defined as short? If someone is 5'7" do they get to wear long coats? What if they're 5'7.5"??  It also throws the idea out the window of the whole horizontal breaks thing that people complain about for cropped trousers or high-waisted pants. Suddenly you have a wonderful garment type that can give you long, **tall**, and elegant lines and it's impossible to wear.   People complain all the damn time about menswear being too "restrictive" and women's wear being more "exciting" but everyone is too much of a wimp to wear a ~ L O N G C O A T ~.  I fucking hate fashion "rules" and "guidelines" and literally everything having to do with the word "flattering". If you care so much about these gender norms, masculinity and being ~ flattering ~ then sack up and wear the clothes you like.   That whole thread is just people saying that someone else told them they couldn't *wear a coat* so what should they do? Oh idk. How about tell them to fuck off and wear the damn coat.  </rant>
text:Common Projects Resort Classic Review	labels:Nice writeup! I've always preferred the Bballs and Resorts to the Achilles, I think the extra details make them more interesting without messing up the trademark minimalism.	episode_done:True
text:YESS! I love wrap clothes. Get a set of cheaper undershirts in different sizes, wraps, shawls, dusters, are all amazing. And you can get them from super nice brands so it's not like you're just trying to clothe yourself. You can get yourself a wardrobe this way that you are excited about and great quality. Add some belts for your waist, some skirts that are either stretch your some other way to tighten and you are golden.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge: Layering - Reminder!	labels:How/where does one submit? And apologies in advance if I’m too dumb to read good.
text:Favorite Lingerie Brands?	labels:Kind of a boring rec, but I really like Aerie. They have replaced Victoria's Secret for me as a relatively inexpensive brand that still is good quality.
text:How have you changed your style and/or shopping habits after your body has changed?	labels:i actually finally got a breast reduction surgery this summer which definitely let me change my style so much i’ve defitnely felt very inspired by recent trends and felt more connected to them than i have in the past but whether that’s cause of my surgery finally let me feel connected or them just being my taste i don’t know  i’ve felt drawn to things that are both comfy and fun patterns or fabrics (stuff like corduroy and satin) things that are both cute and comfortable at the same time as well  i also have developed an insanely large tank top collection but i think that’s just me feeling comfortable in a tank top for the first time in years  i’ve found myself researching things more as well  like i see a piece i really want but i spend time thinking about it how much i would wear it etc and then rather than take the first cheapest option i’ve been trying to invest in quality pieces that i can keep for longer i’m trying to get more comfortable with form fitting stuff that’s still comfy like turtlenecks! before it was uncomfortable as hell because form fitting just made my chest stick out more which was the opposite of what i wanted now i’m kind of scared that since my chest won’t be taking immediate attention the rest of my body will be the focus and i’ve definitely gained my own share of quarantine weight	episode_done:True
text:I made a Hoodie spreadsheet to help you with sizing	labels:People usually prefer the midweight to the light and heavyweight for RC hoodies. Have you looked into loopwheeled stuff like from Real Mccoys?	episode_done:True
text:WAYWT - December 21, 2020	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I think it has a little to do with it! A lot of teenagers can only really afford to thrift/buy fast fashion.  Whereas now that millennials are getting older, we ofc have to buy more professional clothing, but we also have the funds to buy clothes and accessories made out of better quality fabrics and materials. I think wearing polyester vs cashmere sweaters makes a big difference in style   Def not saying one is better than the other and that ALL millennials spend a lot of money on clothes, but it’s def a trend	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 11, 2021	labels:CLOAK THREAD  edit: you mods you
text:I (M/39) just bought some bright yellow, women's, terry loungepants from August November. What wonderful "non-female" fashion items have you purchased recently? Do you ever dip into the men's section?	labels:I always look in the men’s section for tshirts, hoodies, and flannels! Men’s flannels are so much better than women’s flannels
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 21, 2020	labels:Anybody own a pair of blundstone 1901s or 1900s? Looking to pick up a pair or two, sizing has me confused. I wear a 9w in new balance 574s	episode_done:True
text:Which pieces make you feel like you’re really cool?	labels:I feel like I'm repeating what a lot of others said, but:  \-anything leather whether it be a jacket or a pair of cool pants  \-pointed toe 3"+ booties   \-wearing all black  \-a long belted coat  \-a red lip or red nails  \-stacked gold rings and necklaces	episode_done:True
text:Article: Why Is Fashion So Beige This Season?	labels:I think neutrals are a strange choice this year. Spending more time at home, I see people either wanting sweat pants or escapist fashion. Look at the wild popularity of the strawberry dress. The kind of people who would normally buy beige slacks aren’t even returning to the office right now. Obviously there will always be a market for neutrals, but I wish retailers would take advantage of this thirst for a sense of adventure in clothing.	episode_done:True
text:Fall 2020 Fit Battle Voting - Round 2	labels:Salutatorian vs BeneficialMovie	episode_done:True
text:> 2.7m members	labels:lol oops. Man I hate how this always happens when subs get too big.	episode_done:True
text:Yah, thank you for voicing this. This question is problematic. I just wrote a reply about how actual feminism is an intersectional issue, and true feminist practices (like paying a living wage) can be practiced by non-female peeps, too.   the h&m shirt that says "girl power" is, in fact, the product of slavery and exploitation, and the opposite of feminist anything.	labels:Can I ask what you find problematic about OP's post?    I think there are perfectly valid conversations to have about all the issues and considerations behind feminism, intersectionality, and how it relates to clothing.  At the same time, I'm seeing so many comments on this thread that assume the worst of OP's motives.  OP literally asked about alternatives to a company that she had found to be problematic.  Where did she say anything about "the h&m shirt that says 'girl power'"?
text:General Discussion - December 04, 2020	labels:We doin a theme waywt this week?	episode_done:True
text:Post-Baby Problems I Wish Someone Had Warned Me About	labels:This is terrifying thanks 😂😭
text:Bigger, Longer Coats	labels:Big sage energy	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 16, 2021	labels:A dark and surreal week for me:     Accidentally went to the wrong floor for a meeting this week and stumbled across a sweatshop right here in beautiful New York, New York (the city so nice they named it the big apple), so this is your friendly reminder that "made in the USA" doesn't necessarily mean shit when it comes to ethically made clothing. Reported it to the DoL but I don't expect them to do anything about it.     In unrelated but equally bleak personal fashion news, In my search for some VERY obscure soviet-Czech trainers I accidentally stumbled across a sketchy forum of people selling battle-worn combat uniforms, complete with burns, bullet holes and blood stains. It's always fun to imagine you're living in a Blue Ant book until you actually start living in a blue ant book and life becomes very depressing! The first rule of the forum is you are not allowed to ask how these things were sourced.     Lastly the embroidery studio i work at was contacted for a large order of Rhodesian flag patches. I contacted the client to see if it was for a film or something and he was very cagey about their purpose, so I cancelled the order and refunded his deposit, which lead to me getting chewed out by my boss, who is apparently fine with making White Nationalist memorabilia if it's obscure enough to not get him in any trouble.
text:What is your favorite under-the-radar leather handbags / brand?	labels:Il Bisonte; they use great leather, so the bags just look better with age. There is a page on their site dedicated to customers' pics of their vintage bags.	episode_done:True
text:Wow this is me	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Trueee that's why I was considering buying second had	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are some stores/brands that have surprised you?	labels:Old Navy has surprised me - their athletic collection is great. Some of the best leggings I own! Also like another comment stated, Abercrombie has come back in my rotation due to their rebrand
text:What socks do you guys wear? and some advice on socks please?	labels:Darn Tough
text:General Discussion - November 18, 2020	labels:I really want to put together an album to offend lurkers now.
text:General Discussion - February 16, 2021	labels:i gag whenever i see engineering memes   it’s like they’re trying to be elitist and insider but it’s also the most basic freshman year knowledge and it’s also not even funny   shit’s embarrassing
text:Stylish ways to carry emergency medication?	labels:You might want to see if you could have something like a cigar tube made for you. Many cigar tubes come with space for 2 or 3 cigars, and are designed to slide into the inner pocket of a suit jacket or blazer. It likely wouldn't need to be overly thick either because the medication isn't as fragile as tobacco.   Alternatively, some companies make cases for fountain pens which are similar to cigar tubes, but often have a more open interior allowing for more versatility.	episode_done:True
text:How do I feel more comfortable "dressing up"?	labels:> should I try to incorporate things one at a time or just muddle though the vaguely uncomfortable period of time until I feel comfortable?  Yes. Fake it till you make it. Wear one nice, "dressy" thing at a time until you feel comfortable enough to dress up in an entire outfit. Wear it around the house until you feel comfortable enough to wear it outside. I used to be a tomboy who lived in baggy t-shirts and jeans, and I remembered being so self-conscious the first time I wore a skirt and flats, but I just kept wearing them, and soon the feeling wore off - I got used to being dressed up, and people got used to seeing me dressed up, so nobody commented on it anymore.  &#x200B;  > what to say when people make the, "why are you all dressed up" comment  because, "I just felt like it" never seems to be good enough.   Why? That's a perfectly legit reason to me. You deserve to feel good about yourself.	episode_done:True
text:Agreed! But I’m so sad they discontinued the real me line, it had a great range of skintone colors. I got my first true “nude” bra from there	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 08	labels:Woke up to snow on the ground. Don't think I am ready for boot weather yet. I wanted to wear socks and sandals just a few more times...
text:Cool undertones unite!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do men's outerwear differ from women's? I found a really good deal on a 100% wool coat, but in men's...	labels:I would check out Aritzia for wool coats. I think right now they're on sale for more or less 200 dollars and they're made from Italian wool.   Otherwise, I would highly suggest getting the size as close to you as possible and consider getting it tailored--especially if you intend to get a nice coat that lasts a long time. I think it's definitely worth the money tailoring nice clothes to your body!
text:advice on how to stop buying clothes I don't need?	labels:Stick it in your cart then close the tab. Come back to it if you’re still thinking about it a few days later. Lots of things I’ve wanted I end up not getting once I put some time between finding it and actually buying it.
text:You could always contact them! Their instagram is always active and you should be able to get a response. Also from what I know, the fabrics are certified organic and are from small specific mills. Also Alejandro makes all the clothes by hand. If I'm not mistaken, Alejandro is also mexican and is doing work based on his heritage. Small businesses like these don't make 90% profit because it takes time, money and effort to create a small amount of clothing.   As for myself, I'm not 100% sure on mexican traditional clothing and how much they cost but I know that their western style clothing is worth the price. It's a different style of clothing that you don't really see and something special like this is worth the price at times.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 22	labels:I can’t work out if this is allowed as a stand-alone post, but I’m looking for a substitute shoe. Hudson had an Ellington wingtip brogue that were well made and came in smaller sizes (UK6, EU39). I can’t get the image to link though.	episode_done:True
text:Yes this! I call it “ideal style” and “real style”. My “ideal style” involves a lot of flowy, Christy Dawn-style dresses. My actual, “real style” is way more simple - in my free time I wear a lot of plain t-shirts, sweaters, and jeans/shorts. I’ve bought a couple of absolutely lovely dresses over the years that I never wear, but will reach for my favorite Everlane t-shirts and comfy sweaters over and over again.	labels:I call it clothes for my fantasy life, Think shoes I can't walk in or stand in for too long. Black tie things. Pant suits (my office is casual)....	episode_done:True
text:How to build a style with a limited outlet?	labels:I would start with good quality basics. Having a good foundation will allow you to expand with more trendy or style defining pieces, but it’s very hard to achieve a personal style without the first step. Unfortunately it does take time to find the right pieces, but I would suggest watching fashion YouTubers as a resource so you can see people try on clothes and get a better sense of the fit or quality.	episode_done:True
text:What are your favorite fashionable winter jackets?	labels:I live in a part of Canada where it regularly goes down to -40 in January and February and I’ve learned that being warm>being fashionable. If I’m going to be outside for more than ten minutes, I wear a very warm and sort of ugly life coat that goes down to my knees.   Also, last year I invested in a real shearling jacket and I’ve never been so warm. I can’t wait to wear it this year!  Edit: life coat = puffer coat. I don’t know how my autocorrect did that one.	episode_done:True
text:Spend $250 on a good replica bag or Tory Burch?	labels:I feel like the authentic bags would have better resale value if you decide to part with them. Another option would be buying secondhand luxury bags.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 01, 2021	labels:Happy New Year! My 30th birthday is on Jan 6th and I have no idea of what to do. What did you guys do for your birthday during the pandemic?
text:Creative pragmatism light	labels:I love their (Amy, Dione, and the Tibi brand) style but sometimes their pretentiousness irks me. They go like oh you can wear whatever you like but then they come up with 1000 rules about what should not be worn together. Anyway, if you like that style and also like to DIY things you can totally adjust regular items to look like Tibi ones. For instance, the asymmetrical shirt that closes a bit on the diagonal, the buttons that are used to pull up the sleeves, the ankle bands on some of their pants, etc. can all be recreated relatively easily and you don't need to spend 100s of $ on their "affordable" items (Amy's words, I always crack up when she boasts about how affordable Tibi clothes are).
text:General Discussion - January 18, 2021	labels:the sub shop I’ve been seeing behind my bf’s back just shut down for a while bc someone got covid and the bf is so happy, like damn he’s really praying on their downfall and I have to act like I agree with him
text:I'm so sick of carrying this sub just another place for me to shout into the void you absolute amateurs	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 01, 2021	labels:Been listening to MF DOOM all morning. rip
text:What high quality fashion or style related hashtags do you follow on IG?	labels:Im based in Toronto and love following #madeintoronto. It always helps me find new designers that produce locally. the hashtag is used by a lot of brands in Toronto...i wonder if it is the same for other cities?
text:If I want to dress like Insert-Character-Here, where should I shop? Part 2	labels:Gillian Anderson’s character, Jean, from sex education. Her style is amazing.
text:To answer the justification question - cost per wear. My own NF is going on 12 years old now and still looks reasonably new, and I am not (and have not been) particularly kind with it either. I've tossed it around, dragged it on planes, beaches, through Asian wet markets etc. and it's still happily trucking along. The LV Canvas is notoriously hard-wearing.  Along the same line, quality of material used to construct the item. I currently also own leather bags from Everlane and Away. They're both well made, but you can tell the leather is substantially lower in quality, thickness and overall substance than say, my mother's Prada totes with leather that feels really thick and luxurious and plush. And with the Everlane bag, the unfinished suede interior is much rougher than the unfinished suede interiors of say, Celine bags and the leather is much, much thinner.  And while not all designer bags will age well, there is a reason Hermes bags can be handed down through generations but my Everlane bag will probably die before I do.     ETA: LV aside, the aftercare services are also generally pretty amazing. There are brands that will take your bag back and "spa" them for free or nominal fees. You don't get that kind of service with Madewell or Everlane.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 21, 2020	labels:What’s with all the corduroy all of the sudden.
text:I like silvery stars and moons!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:No clue about winter wear. Please Help!	labels:Having lived in Paris and hailing from a scandinavian country originally, these are my pro gamer moves that I will impart to you:  Rain is going to be more of a problem than freezing cold or snow. Thus a water resistant top layer is a must have - carcoat/mack or a wool coat of some kind (duffle-/pea-) if you like a classic look, shell jackets if you prefer a more technical/sporty look. I would recommend norse projects in general, they specifically design clothes a wet and cold climate, and I am very satisfied with every item I have purchased. You may also consider a barbour oilskin coat, if that meshes with your overall look.  Scarves, gloves and beanies - keeps your extremities warm and is your prime way to accessorize. H&M have several slightly more frugal options, the quality is okay. I would recommend not spending too much on gloves, if you are as ditzy me, due too leaving them everywhere.  Shoes, shoes, shoes. Anyone who has experienced cold, wet feet will know the importance of proper footwear. I recommend chelsea boots, preferably with rubber soles. Make sure to treat them properly and they will keep you warm and dry for several years. You might want to consider dedicated work shoes if you opt for heavier boots.  However the biggest problem with winter in Paris that I experienced was the completely inadequate insulation in the apartments. Unless you want to spend 2/3 of your paycheck on utilities every month, make sure to acquire several warm middle layers - wool sweaters/cardigans/whatever. This being said I lived in Paris during a particularly long and cold winter, as a student with little disposable income, so your experience may differ.
text:Store closings at malls	labels:I’m kind of amazed at my local mall - businesses have actually come back in recent years and there have been no closures due to the pandemic. Lucky me, but I do agree that stores closing makes it difficult for good fashion finds - you might pay a bit for them, but I’m glad Dillard’s is still around.	episode_done:True
text:People who work in the fashion industry - what do you wear?	labels:Entire black lycra H & M basics, but with quality footwear and scarves. Or Levis 501s and black and white striped t shirts. After designing to trend for 30 years I have run out of energy for my wardrobe. No one cares what you wear anyway.	episode_done:True
text:I think it might matter a lot. Especially when buying online. The people setting the price knew what the item was worth approximately. If the item is crap you can only inflate the price so much. Even when you get into the whole brand markup.  There is a massive difference in quality for example in Nordstrom rack items that were made for the rack with a fake mark down vs the flagship store sale items. You can feel the difference in person but online how can you tell except a real mark-down?  I’m super interested in this topic OP. This is a good one.	labels:I think this is spot on, that there will be a difference in quality depending if it was made for outlets or boutiques. For stuff like leather goods (shoes and bags) and coats, there's a stark difference even if they're the same designer (ex: coach outlet vs coach, kate spade). I've been facing this same problem when trying to buy a purse myself and it's tough.	episode_done:True
text:v nice	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are your 2021 Fashion / Style Goals?	labels:I want to start buying more colorful clothes and stop wearing all black!	episode_done:True
text:Never thought the boots I was slinging grease at KFC in regional NSW 15+ years ago would gain such a following but here we are.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Recent Purchases - January 03, 2021	labels:rag&bone fit 1 skinnies! a little loose on me so i need to get 'em tapered, but the denim is gorgeous
text:/r/Malefashionadvice Best of 2020 voting & nomination thread	labels:Best dressed / Best WAYWT contributor
text:What are your favorite, trusted clothing lines for buying wear-forever investment classics?	labels:This might be a strange recommendation but Costco often carries brands/clothes that will last a long time and often at reduced prices.	episode_done:True
text:Ditto. I've been doing this as well, especially now that it's colder. I pair it with nice makeup and flashy earrings and boom - instant professional lol.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How many pairs of jeans and pairs of shoes should you own?	labels:I think it's interesting that you hone in on "needs" when for many people fashion fills a hybrid function of both hobby and utility. Both shoes and purses seem prone to being "collector's items" moreso than other garments (leggings, sweaters, etc.) and it makes sense to me as a fashion hobbyist and collector that people would have more than they "need" or use regularly. Also, as people age they typically gain more buying power, space to store things, and access to various occasions (business events, formal events, lifestyle changes that may necessitate a wider variety of things to fulfill a wider variety of functions).   Furthermore, I haven't found this sub's focus on "purging"/closet cleaning reflected in real life--while people do obviously consign or donate old clothing, it's pretty common for people to keep things or simply put things in storage as their use wanes. So on that note, it seems unsurprising that people have a handful of things that see constant rotation and a handful of things that are rarely used but are still enjoyed, so there is no reason to get rid of them.
text:What are your not-so-basic basics to pair with statement pieces?	labels:I have a teal suit that is similar in brightness to your pink one. Some tops that would work/that I think work with my suit are: - white/cream button down - white/cream turtleneck - turtleneck or mock neck in a shade lighter or darker than the suit for a monochrome look - silver (for mine) / rose gold (for yours) colour camisole or shoes  - lacy bodysuit + heels - graphic tee + sneaker for a casual streetwear look (I don’t really like wearing sneakers with suits but lots of people like the look)  You can also simply wear the pieces separately!! I tend to wear my blazer a lot more than my pants.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 15, 2021	labels:I can't find a size table for Boss Orange, but I believe I bought one years ago that ran smaller than normal (maybe I got the wrong size, I don't remember) does anyone know if Boss Orange Runs true to size? Or what are the measurements of an L size? I'm e -thrifting so I can't measure myself, and the seller doesn't have a measuring tape.	episode_done:True
text:Because you were wearing a mask? Jesus...   You okay?	labels:I’m alright. Myself and another Asian gentleman were walking by trying to ignore him and he was telling us “I know you understand me. Stop trying to pretend you only speak ching chong”. Turned around after rounding a corner and he was running at me. Had to run into a construction site at grand central station to shake him. Not very fun.
text:Same!! The fit is better and longer, especially if I want an oversized one	labels:	episode_done:True
text:For me, the worst thing is that they all seem to approach ugliness in the same, overdone way you mentioned. Like, make your sneakers ugly if you want, but at least be original about it.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 26	labels:You call that an outfit?  Where's the irony? Where is the postmodern dismissal of well established societal ideals and rejection of what is traditionally known as "flattering"? Where is wide fit?
text:Brown and Olive: Color Combination Series	labels:What is the brand/model of the field jacket i pic #6? Anyone got a source?	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 11, 2021	labels:I've been on this website for 9 godforsaken years. I remember signing up for reddit in grade 12. Here I am 2 degrees later, still being a degenerate.
text:General Discussion - January 16, 2021	labels:/u/wuzpoppin and /u/theflavoroflife i see you 👀  grats on the modship guys!
text:How do you handle budget increases when it comes to clothes? (ex. going from student to working professional)	labels:Budget + plan ahead! I definitely fell for the lifestyle creep when I first started working, and it unfortunately took me too long to dig my way out. Now that I have, I use the 50/30/20 budget, and if there's something I want and it's not currently in my budget, I'll wait until the next month to get it when there is. I also mostly shop at Aritzia bc their sizing works best for me, so I've also learned their sale cycle and I usually plan ahead so that I do most of my clothing shopping during those times.	episode_done:True
text:Bro, what?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 28, 2020	labels:There's a part of me that wants to lean into "Small business Saturday" and buy something from Etsy or wherever, but damn, they don't make it easy. It's such a wasteland of drop-shipped Alibaba products, cheap crafts (like Gildan tees that have been tie-dyed or bleached and then upsold for $50), and just straight up scams (i.e. polyester being marketed as wool), finding actual stores by actual craftspeople seems a total crapshoot. I know they must exist because I know actual craftspeople who sell through Etsy but unfortunately they seem like the minority. I wonder if anybody has ever made like a Chrome extension or something to cross reference Etsy with Alibaba/Aliexpress to at least filter the shameless "I'm even reselling using Aliexpress's same photography" 1:1 matches.
text:How do you balance bright statement pieces with a capsule wardrobe?	labels:I’d recommend checking out a couple Instagram-ers with colorful wardrobes but a small number of pieces! I find @callmeflowerchild, @thatcurlytop, and @theflippside really inspiring for colorful outfits
text:Clarks Released a "Desert Boot 2" - They Look Pretty Nice, What does Everybody Think?	labels:desert boots 2: the re-ocbding	episode_done:True
text:It’s 2021. A vaccine for the virus has been made widely available and businesses may operate at full capacity, including bars, clubs, salons, etc. How will this influence fashion?	labels:People will go ALL OUT. This sub usually salivates at the thought of athleisure taking over and killing fashion (and fast fashion) but that 100% wouldn't happen. Almost every woman I know is bloody sick and tired of not getting to dress up, not being able to wear lipstick, not having places to wear heels and vacation outfits. People would literally go crazy and it truly would be the roaring twenties. Dresses of all types, miniskirts, sparkle and glitter, heels for days, fun fabrics, bolder colors, leather pants, blouses with impractical sleeves, statement earrings – women would really be dressing to the nines *and* wearing bold lipstick colors to compliment.
text:How to Put Together a Successful Outfit – Put This On	labels:I was re-reading some Put This On articles and realized what a gem of a prescriptive article this was - and how many times I've defaulted to this advice when getting dressed or thinking about outfits.   I thought it was worth sharing again.	episode_done:True
text:If it's too small to button up, it'll most likely be too small in other places like the shoulders. You can buy one in the correct size and still wear it unbuttoned if you like.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are your fiction and or nonfiction plans and outfits? What are the things you want to wear just to wear?	labels:I bought a tartan dress from J Crew before all this happened and I’m totally going to wear it around the apartment on Christmas Day.	episode_done:True
text:Lookbook | +J 2020 Fall/Winter Collection | UNIQLO	labels:I'm going to be negative nancy here and, to start a conversation, say that I think it's boring! I knew it would be minimal and but it just strikes me as .... very prim. And I wear a ton of black!
text:Added to the schedule! Thanks for the idea!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:how to show you would like the SEX	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 20	labels:Not sure how many of you know this, but at this point when you write a job application for a teaching position, you have to use the words "diversity" and "inclusion" in basically every second sentence of your entire application dossier (and academic dossiers are *long*).  I'm *this* close to writing something like "I dress really gay".
text:General Discussion - November 24, 2020	labels:Is StyleForum just MFA with a massive 18East boner?
text:Stylish ways to carry emergency medication?	labels:What about just replacing your string backpack with a nicer backpack like Matt and Nat?	episode_done:True
text:Revisiting Tim Gunn's List of 10 Style Must-haves	labels:No. I work outside. I have no use for a lot of these items.   I need my closet to flatter me AND be physically functional.	episode_done:True
text:Oddly enough, I sort of do? I think I have significantly more trousers/pants that are patterned or feature relatively eye-catching colors than trousers/pants that are more typical (I legit can't remember the last time I owned a pair of dark blue jeans). There's no underlying guiding principle or rationale to this wardrobe decision either - it's just something that has gradually occurred over time	labels:I'll trade fuzzy sweaters for fun pants, hit my dms
text:Light Down Jacket Inspiration Album	labels:I really enjoy them! We don’t have harsh winters here so I rarely get to wear actually warm coats but I wear mine everywhere! Daily shopping? Check. Talking a walk in the forest? Check. Climbing a glacier in Norway? Check.  I also quite like the fit in the fourth picture! Does anybody know what exactly he’s wearing?	episode_done:True
text:Brands that no longer live up to their name or quality	labels:This comes up here a lot, but many of the outdoors brands have turned into mostly fashion brands, and the quality has dropped as a result. The North Face, with the exception of a few of their collections (e.g. Summit); Columbia, and Mountain Hardware which they bought; and Marmot are some of the more famous examples.  Patagonia, Arc'teryx, Outdoor Reaearch, Fjallraven, and Kuhl are currently good alternatives, but I like to check the ultralight / camping subreddits for the most up to date info.	episode_done:True
text:I have been frustrated attending events like that as a plus-one, because my BF doesn't really understand that specific levels of dress code actually mean different things. He just interprets them all as fancy. Not helpful. Please, let me read the invitation, email, facebook event, and/or wedding website myself, don't just tell me what day it is.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:In my experience Asian clothes can be totally remade or at least the expensive neckline with beaded work for example can be reused, the lenghaa can be reused, the kameez can be altered to suit the fashion and paired with something different whereas a white wedding dress is probably always going to be a dress.	labels:Sometimes people use lace generational wedding dresses to make veils or accessories - it's less common but still very possible! That could be an option for someone whose mother wore a lace monstrosity lol	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Pulling the Past Forward, Asian-style	labels:Found this through your most recent post and it's my absolute FAVOURITE!! This is the exact direction I want to take my wardrobe so thank you so so much for putting this together ❤️	episode_done:True
text:How to find the confidence to wear clothes you like?	labels:Wear them to the grocery store. Wear them on a walk around your neighborhood. Wear them to run errands or to get coffee from a new place.   The ultimate advice is to not care what other people think of your clothes, but that's just a lot easier said than done, especially when people you know are giving their unsolicited opinions. So wear them in spaces where you're not interacting with people or, at least, not with people whose opinions on your clothes matter to you. See what it feels like to be out in the world dressed how you want to be dressed and go from there.	episode_done:True
text:That sweater sounds amazing.  source: am mom.	labels:I really didn't appreciate her taste enough. One thing I did steal from her were a pair of earrings that are just dangling wooden parrots. I did like her Christmas party uniform, which was a long navy dress, a cream colored military style jacket, and block heeled sling backs.  The 90s really were a trip.
text:my poor thighs are lying on my couch smaller and unused :(	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are your favorite tough winter boots?	labels:I bought the winterized Blundstones in the fall and I'm optimistic that they'll last a long time. I also have a pair of the waterproof Uggs that don't look like Uggs which have been doing great for a long time
text:WAYWT - November 06	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 24	labels:Love how car problems always seem to strike right when I've got a bigass day planned with lots of errands to run. Thankfully living in a big city means decent public transport but my post office is in such a weird place and I just want to ship these poor people their garments.
text:90s/00s Bollywood Fashion	labels:90s/early 00s bollywood is legendarily hammy, this is amazing! Never thought I’d see SRK here hahahaha	episode_done:True
text:The North Face x Gucci Launch Collection + Campaign	labels:VF x Kering collabo is all I see here...	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: What do your shoes say about you?	labels:"Bitch, why'd you buy me if you don't wear me? What do you mean 'suede isn't for New England'? Why'd you buy four pairs of suede shoes then, comprising one-third of your collection? Are you a straight-up idiot? I just have to sit here waiting for the once-in-a-blue-moon conditions where it hasn't rained or snowed in several days and there's no chance that it will, you aren't commuting to work, AND you're wearing a pair of jeans so you'll match my beige coloring? For god's sake, give me new life on Poshmark."
text:I think there's a very good reason for 100% wool sweaters being harder to find: wool is a very weak fiber, difficult to care for, and itchy. Cutting it with other fibers makes clothing that is more wearable, increases longevity, and minimizes all those negatives.	labels:I'm allergic to every type of animal fibre I've ever tried to wear (hello hives) so the rise in actually warm man made fibres is fantastic for me personally	episode_done:True
text:Cyberpunk and Fashion | A Video Essay | 40 Minutes	labels:Great video and i am myself a fan of the Cyberpunk genre.  However i think that because of all the raised environmental awareness i don’t believe synthetic fabrics have any future but rather organic fabrics such as a cottons or wool etc.
text:Fall Fashion Inspo!	labels:I keep seeing Instagram ads for Kiel James Patrick cozy cabin dresses: plaid, soft, long sleeves with a high collar. They’re cute and just what I would want to wear but I haven’t heard of this brand!
text:Black Friday Sale/Deal List 2020	labels:Gustin - Mystery Denim deal. $50-$70 for a mystery pair of jeans with price variation on whether it’s US, JP, or IT denim. Description sounds like standard selvedge colors, nothing funky.	episode_done:True
text:bro wait until you get some square toe boots, your power level goes over 9000	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Was going to respond but this response crushed it.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:goddamnit	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Do you have a childhood fashion icon? If so, does their influence show up in your wardrobe today?	labels:When I was a child, I looked mostly towards like tween and teen fashion rather than adult fashion. I loved Sabrina the Teenage Witch and Mary Kate and Ashley Olson. They were all like the epitome of the sweet-normal-but-stylish-girl-next door characters. Outfits always cute, but accessible/not over the top
text:What is your one clothing item that makes your life better that everyone should have?	labels:A well fitted black wool coat in a cut that flatters you. It goes with any outfit. You can dress it up or down, and on early mornings taking the kids to school or late night runs to the store you look like you have your shit together even if your sans bra and wearing 3 day old leggings.
text:Can Your Outfit Influence the Way You Feel? Enclothed cognition describes the effect that clothing have on how an individual thinks, feels, and behaves	labels:I have said this before when people ask me why I try to make an effort to dress up even for non-formal occasions. I dress well (hopefully anyway) because it is like wearing a suit of armour, it protects me and helps me feel the the best version of myself.	episode_done:True
text:Spend $250 on a good replica bag or Tory Burch?	labels:Second on coach being secretly good	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 21, 2020	labels:Chicken confit and a three tier cake for dinner tonight if y’all hungry
text:How do you shop in COVID?	labels:Get measuring tape and read reviews when ordering online. Pay attention to size charts and stretchy/non stretchy fabrics. Shop from places with free returns. ASOS has always been my go to for a wide variety of brands, premier free 2 day shipping for a year ($19) and free returns. Ive always preferred shopping online because I hate waiting in line and get overwhelmed by stores, and I haven’t had much of a problem with them over the last 5 years	episode_done:True
text:stuntin with gran   so cute thank you for sharing :)	labels:Fuck flexing on the 'gram  All my homies flex on the gran	episode_done:True
text:I was definitely not allowed to shop there as a teen! I remember that fabric that you mention, but from 2015-2017 they were my go-to for conference wear. Usually something statement-y, but not too hoe-ish.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Things I'm Excited to Wear This Fall — Die, Workwear!	labels:Jacques Marie Mage is insanely hype right now. I think in Styleforums you actually have to have one of their pieces before you can post there now
text:I've found Pinterest really valuable. It's made me realize that I really do gravitate towards neutrals: black, denim, tan, leopard print, blush pink, olive green. It helps me focus when I'm shopping because I know that if I buy a hot pink jacket I'm going to end up getting rid of it within a couple years	labels:	episode_done:True
text:broh they look like a clog and a Payless exclusive  orthopedic Nike had a baby that’s uglier than the parents	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Been blasting MM... FOOD and Madvillainy all last night and today, fucking RIP man	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 25, 2020	labels:Can you be addicted to pants?   &#x200B;  I'm just way more into pants than I am into tops.
text:Overdressing - Discussion	labels:Since quarantine I’ve been WFH and not going out socially. So, the grocery store now gets my best looks and I really hope Kathy at the register enjoys my new booties as much as I enjoy wearing them for once!  In general, it’s better to be overdressed than underdressed. I don’t normally show off my fits at the grocery store, but desperate times call for desperate measures!
text:General Discussion - November 09, 2020	labels:Guy I know who is a Olympic Gold and Silver Medalist and World Record Holder has totally gone off the MLM and QAnon deep end over the last 18 months or so. It's pretty wild.
text:Schott 538 Nubuck Cowhide Mechanic Jacket	labels:Schott jackets are designed for old white people. You can get this style in a more flattering cut from Aero for around the same price. At full retail ($810) there are better options than Schott from a looks perspective. They are well made jackets but they should be at that price point.
text:Inspo Album: Vintage Holidays	labels:Fannierosie!!!! :-)  She has a most amazing style - I love her outfits!  The Cezanne wool dress ( Linennaive on Etsy )  I want.  I could so easily pull that style off - the model's hair is almost identical to mine. Now I need to find my woolen pinafore dresses and braid my hair - that's the weekend style sorted!  Then the emerald green dress ( Katrina of Edelweiss Patterns ) is just perfection - the shape, styling and the colour - oh god the colour is divine!  Thankyou for posting a lovely collection, for the inspiratin for this weekend and also for being a fellow Fannierosie fan :-)	episode_done:True
text:How did you find your style/tips for a cohesive style	labels:Figure out what your signature thing is. It is fine to pull from a myriad of influences, and evolve over time.   I have found that over the years I have incorporated other things but I have some unofficial style signatures:  * probably something colorful or patterned * I love pointy flats * I like to add one casual thing to a nicer outfit and vice versa * I mostly wear skirts and dresses * I have a few outfit templates: dress plus cardigan or jacket, slimmer pant/looser top, longer skirt/shorter top or tucked (this is a new one) * bigger earrings in mostly metal and geometric shapes (I do not really do colorful jewelry) * I love sneakers with skirts and dresses (since I was a preteen)  After that most stuff is fair game. Most outfits follow one of my templates and incorporate my rules. Over time you’ll find your rules too.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 01, 2021	labels:How are bomber jackets technically suppose to fit?  A little oversized?  I posted here a couple of days ago regarding one I got in a small and medium; I was told that the medium looked better.  I'm just paranoid that it's "too big" on me.  IMO the small fit better, but I was struggling to get it on (i.e., I had to twist my arm to get it on).
text:Nice work on the weight loss!	labels:Thanks. I’ve found coronavirus made it WAAAAAY easier. No office snacks / happy hours / bars to go too.	episode_done:True
text:What ultimate-splurge fashion item would you buy to reward yourself for achieving a big milestone?	labels:I usually buy solid gold jewelry. Something timeless that will last forever and I'll wear forever. My most recent purchase was a pair of simple 45mm 14k gold hoops.
text:Why 14k vs 22k?	labels:Because I can't afford to drop over $600 on earrings???	episode_done:True
text:What’s the comfiest material you can put in a washing machine without fuss?	labels:Responding so I can follow this. I have a lot of comfy clothes that quickly become ruined because I didn’t realize how they would react in the washing machine. 😞 Would love a soft and comfy but low maintenance material.	episode_done:True
text:ts(s) Fall/Winter 2020	labels:I had a hard time with the shorts under the coat but over the pants.	episode_done:True
text:Kent wang has been making these	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Which color palette do you hate wearing?	labels:All the fucking beige and oatmeal shades that have plagued fashion in the last decade. So ready for something with a little more life to it.
text:Bernie Sanders' Mittens Won the Inauguration Fit Battle - And you, too, can own your own toasty upcycled woolen mitts.	labels:A similar pair of mittens were made by a school teacher in his state, Vermont, in appreciation of him. But he gave the mittens to a hospital worker who said her hands always got cold on her commute to work. When the teacher saw this she sent ten more pairs to Bernie and said that when she saw him wearing them at the inauguration she was honored because everyone there was wearing world class designer clothes but Bernie was wearing her mittens
text:I have maybe 25 pair of shell shoes from different makers & wouldn't call any of them stiff or inflexible. Never had an issue with spotting, but I do agree I don't like to wear them in hot weather.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 26, 2020	labels:Does anyone else here ever think about
text:Experience with fast fashion brands for office casual clothes (Shein, Fashion Nova, etc)?	labels:My 20s were spent wearing fast fashion as business casual! The really cheap brands (e.g. F21, Fashion Nova - this was before SheIn) did NOT work well for me - the low-quality was obvious in the fit and drape of the fabric, plus it was pretty difficult to find office-friendly pieces in the first place.  H&M and the Banana Republic/J Crew Factory Outlets (they're online!) were a lifeline, and I still wear many items!  You may also have luck with resale sites like Poshmark and ThredUp.	episode_done:True
text:Celebrating the Basic Grey Sweatpants	labels:I'm wearing gray sweatpants right now and I still think this post is ridiculous	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 21, 2020	labels:Hi gang,  Thanks for a largely good and positive year here! However, I find I really need to take a break from reddit/social media especially just prior to the holidays as it's far too easy to come across a story or comment that just destroys my mood. I'd rather be present for my family.  Hope you all are able to enjoy the holidays in your own way, that you stay safe and healthy, and that we all have a much better 2021!  Best,  Met
text:Inspo Album - Statement Sweaters	labels:Omg, I freaking love this. I am b/w "mad comf" and "I know my fucking knit". I love wearing thick chunky knit in cold fall day and winter. Nothing feel better than soft merino wool or plush cashmere hugging your skin.	episode_done:True
text:What fashion trend/s have you been obsessed with lately?	labels:1. romantic, victorian, cottagecore! like angelic looking dresses with puffy sleeves, my depop likes are full of gunne sax  2. dark academia! this is actually close to how i’ve always dressed, i love the preppy look and am so glad it’s trending right now! i especially love sweater vests 3. 50s. 60s. i recently watched queen’s gambit and am obsessed with the classic silhouette of the main character’s outfits. so so so gorgeous. i think that’s my dream wardrobe	episode_done:True
text:WAYWT - December 30, 2020	labels:Sorry ☹️
text:Sock It To Me: Novelty Sock Appreciation Post	labels:My mom loved kooky socks! They always make me think of her. I love them aesthetically, but actually don't really enjoy wearing socks, so I only kept one pair of hers after she died. They're lime green with pink flamingos, and she bought them to wear while officiating my roller derby games (non-skating officials are affectionately called flamingos because they used to mostly wear pink.)  I also bought a pair while I was mourning immediately after her death. My husband made me go "hiking" at garden of the gods in Colorado springs and we stopped at a gift shop by one of the trailheads. They had these blue socks with sloths holding donuts with pink sprinkles. I fucking love sloths and pink sprinkle donuts and they're exactly the kind of thing she would have bought for me.  I have a few pairs of socks she gave me: baller sloths with gold chains. Otters holding hands. Sushi and sashimi. Silver glitter balloon animals. Some extremely tall ones covered in beer glasses.  I don't really like things touching my lower legs unless they're really soft or smooth. I guess the skin on my shins is super sensitive. So I mostly only wear ankle socks that don't really show, but I always make sure to buy cool ones. My favorites right now are pale pink with rhinos that say Party Animal. The rhino's horn is a party hat.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 31, 2020	labels:> Me: *shares cool new thing I got with quality write-up and review*  > Lurkers: I don't like it.  > Me: literally no one cares  I'm trying to be nice but it's up to like a half-dozen comments where people are just saying they don't like *my boots*. No one fucking asked you.
text:Shitpost Saturday: Ghost Outfit	labels:!!! Oh no. I died wearing a fleece sweatshirt and old torn up men’s pajama pants from walmart. I died from eating shrimp fettuccine alfredo and listening to my mother try to talk to me about Trump.   Please don’t be alfredo me, my ghost name is Spooky Noodles.
text:Is black tie comfort fashion a thing?	labels:I'm not super experienced in vintage fashion, but something that is overlooked in modern fashion is the use of undergarments. In the case of black tie formal dresses, I'm sure there is a way to get a tailor to put in a cotton lining or perhaps find a slip that could fit underneath? Someone please correct me if this is not an option, but I don't see why you can't have the best of both worlds!	episode_done:True
text:Yep!  TL:DR: I just wear it.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The wildest thing to me is that Madewell has really consistent sizing and I'm able to order online with confidence about what will fit. I have ordered a bunch of things and haven't needed to return or exchange a single one. By the end of last year, J. Crew was the most inconsistent sizing of any brand I think I've ever encountered. I could take 15 items of the same size into a dressing room and all 15 of them would fit like shit in totally different ways. It means online shopping is essentially unavailable to me - in this economy, no less. They've maintained those price points while spiraling out re: their supply chain.	labels:I feel like JCrew *used* to be more consistent. I used to have faith that a size 6 Perfect Shirt was, indeed, a perfect fit for me. I owned three of them in white alone. That hasn't been the case in recent years, and it's a shame.   Besides inconsistent fit, there's also just been some bizarre merchandizing decisions. Last March, right before all this (gestures at 2020) went down, I went into a JCrew looking for work pants. I did not find a *single pair of full length pants.* I mean, I can understand gearing up for spring, but ... no pants? at all? Some decisions just don't make sense.
text:If you could only have one overcoat, what would it be?	labels:Anastasias oversize coat from Anastasia but in black. I have one that's dark blue, so that's alright, but there are no pockets, which I miss. I like it because it's lightweight and versatile, you can easily wear it on its own (in the springtime/summer), but because it's oversized it also looks good with a lot of layers underneath. It's my favorite jacket I've owned so far (apart from a lightweight bomber) and I find it both stylish and useful. I also love long jackets.  edit: I did not see which sub I was in sorry. Nevermind me! it's still a good coat though.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 07, 2020	labels:Some wholesome news. My partner and I are getting increasingly serious about getting married and I thought before moving forward I should "come out" as NB, make sure they would be okay if I'd make this a salient part of my public persona etc. Their answer was "duh, like I don't know that".  Our nups will be *toit*.  edit: thanks all :)  edit: also thanks all who asked about pronouns etc. I am A-ok with male pronouns, "dude", "my man" etc.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 19, 2020	labels:Does anyone know of a place that sells pants patterned similar to marimekko/lazy oaf? I feel like men's clothing can be so plain at times.	episode_done:True
text:Inspo: From the BIPOC Owned Small Business Thread	labels:PSA: sometimes when a post rises, it begins to attract riff raff. I think most of us understand what this post is about without being butthurt, and personally I don't find it worthwhile to use my oxygen to engage with and feed the trolls.	episode_done:True
text:Lugged boot trend	labels:I love this style of boot and I'll probably buy a pair, but definitely not the Prada ones, not only because das esspenssive, but because they're a very all-out version that I won't wear in 2 years, when it will have already gone out of style.   But the Docs, the Zara ones or another "inspired by", but toned down version is more likely to make it into the next years with me. It's probably the 90s kid and Bratz lover in me, but I loooooove chunky platform boots and I'm glad they're back.	episode_done:True
text:Beyond what cdfchopper said, much in the way everyone hates pickup artists, if you go out of your way to min max everything you do to be the most attractive to women it comes off as really affected and creepy, people don’t like that.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:L.L.Bean x Todd Snyder Collection	labels:The old school Duck camo is phenomenal	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Corduroy	labels:Jeez Chuck, like corduroy much?	episode_done:True
text:Undergraduate stemlords are cringe all the way down.  ^(dae pi)	labels:you can just say stemlords it’s okay
text:I tried wearing only 10 clothes for 10 days! Here are all my outfits	labels:Can I ask how did you decide which ten items to choose?	episode_done:True
text:Sometimes, sure.  Sometimes it's to blend in.  Sometimes the clothing is the whole point.  Sometimes it's to just stay really fucking warm.	labels:I'm pretty sure the warm thing fits in the comfortable category and blend in it's low key the same of appealing to the people you like, so yeah (?	episode_done:True
text:What is something you've heard as fashion advice that isn't worth following?	labels:I guess no white after labor day? I still hear that a lot, which is nonsense. I love wearing white and will continue to wear it whenever I want.
text:Favorite Lingerie Brands?	labels:Kind of a boring rec, but I really like Aerie. They have replaced Victoria's Secret for me as a relatively inexpensive brand that still is good quality.
text:Light Down Jacket Inspiration Album	labels:wow, im surprised the comments are basically two opposite ends.  really like it for its function and really dislike it because of its shine/loook	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 01	labels:Man, neighborhood Facebook groups are wild  > "What was with all the gunshots at night?"  > "Those were fireworks you numpty"  > "Then why were all those cops out? [Link to news story]"  > "Because of the bear. [Link to follow up news story about a bear wandering around]"
text:Have you ever found a designer, maker or collection that makes you seriously think, "Everything they make is so beautiful and I want to own/collect everything they make?" If so, what is it?	labels:I'm not an expensive bag type of person, but damn those Ostwald bags...	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 22, 2020	labels:What's the best possible way to pair up a mint green v neck sweater	episode_done:True
text:What have I done?	labels:Here's the thing. You said a "trilby is a fedora."  Is it in the same family? Yes. No one's arguing that.  As someone who is a haberdasher who studies classy hats, I am telling you, specifically, in science, no one calls trilbies fedoras. If you want to be "specific" like you said, then you shouldn't either. They're not the same thing.  If you're saying "fedora family" you're referring to the taxonomic grouping of fedorae, which includes things from porkpies to safari hats to cool indiana jones hats.  So your reasoning for calling a trilby a fedora is because random people "call the classy hats fedoras?" Let's get pith hats and tricorns in there, then, too.  Also, calling something a duster or trench coat? It's not one or the other, that's not how taxonomy works. They're both. A trilby is a trilby and a member of the fedora family. But that's not what you said. You said a trilby is a fedora, which is not true unless you're okay with calling all members of the fedora family fedoras, which means you'd call porkpies, Safari hats, and other hats fedoras, too. Which you said you don't.  It's okay to just admit you're wrong, you know?	episode_done:True
text:Did you see this in real life? I’ve seen them on ig or youtube, but no one at the trader joes or coffee shop.	labels:well I wore a lot of these, so yes. I haven’t been to a lot of social gatherings this year for obvious reasons, but I have seen a whole lot of this stuff on my friends and on strangers when I have had the chance to go out.   and I don’t see why trends popping up mainly on instagram or youtube is a bad thing. during this year those have been the only real outlets for people to show off their outfits. the people posting on these sites are real people, and the brands selling those styles of clothes are making real sales.
text:Just my opinion :)	labels:Your opinion on which hoodie though? Because I listed two brands that make a very different product.	episode_done:True
text:What is your one clothing item that makes your life better that everyone should have?	labels:A well fitted black wool coat in a cut that flatters you. It goes with any outfit. You can dress it up or down, and on early mornings taking the kids to school or late night runs to the store you look like you have your shit together even if your sans bra and wearing 3 day old leggings.
text:Elle Woods! I heard they were making Legally Blonde 3, is that correct?!	labels:YES! May 22, 2022! I’m excited!💖🎀🎉	episode_done:True
text:New World of "Indie Media" for Fashion and Style	labels:	episode_done:True
text:So a few shades darker is what I am looking for, even if that is black? Fortunately my field is the visual arts, so I confident picking out shades as long as I know what I am shooting for.	labels:The key to an effective odd jacket/trouser combo is enough difference in the two that you won't mistake them for a suit.   The challenge in this case comes from being limited to a sober palette. You can get that difference though pattern (patterned jacket w/solid trousers), shade of colour, or texture (flannel texture of trousers)
text:You and the shoes were meant to be together.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:People who used to play super safe with fashion, how did you overcome your fear of bold choices?	labels:I wear it at home. So I can get used to it without others seeing me. After a bit I suddenly feel more comfortable.   Also, avoid mirrors! This helped massively when I was trying to get comfortable wearing bright lipsticks.
text:Winter jackets that are good for skiing and casual use?	labels:Dont go crazy on a jacket.  The key for skiing is layers and you can get a lot of layers that work well in other settings.   A decent base layer:  you can go merino or if you are on a budget milsurp poly pro.  A fleece over that.  Next layer is a beefier jacket.  Right now I have a half zip Patagonia that is poly insulated.  Then get a waterproof(ish) layer.  You have a lot of options but I usually run with a marmot precip.  It's cheap, has pit zips and folds up way smaller than a hard shell. That combo will cover you skiing 90%of the time and let you adjust depending o N conditions. Flexibility is the key.  Take the money you save and get some good socks and gloves/mittens and some type of balaclava.  No one ever came off of the mountain because their chest was cold but it was their hands/feet/face.
text:Top Down / Aerial / Crotch Shot WAYWT	labels:He looks so presidential	episode_done:True
text:black underwear matches everything, i get the 6 pack from m&s and they are so nice	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 12, 2020	labels:I’ve been doing so much cycling my thighs are actually going to be massive come spring
text:Your favorite ___ for $___: Henleys	labels:I got a teal Hanes Beefy-T Henley on Amazon for under $15.   It's completely acceptable, so I will be buying another one in navy, and possibly a nice bright yellow, if it's available ( I like to wear very brightly colored t-shirts as a layer in the winter. Very small, but noticeable, accent).	episode_done:True
text:Read the sidebar.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Best 2020 pajamas?!	labels:I honestly prefer night gowns. Does that make me weird? I swear I’m not 80. I just can’t stand bottoms twisting as I toss and turn. Anyways, I have the hardest time finding nightgowns that aren’t made for the elderly or aren’t lace nighties. I just want a cute and soft night gown! Until then I’m also in the oversized T-shirt camp.
text:Weird, well I don't give a shit about people's opinion, I'll slap em if they think I'm a dork lol  But yeah, weird how people perceive things  I know 1 thing though, I don't understand people wanting tablets when you have a laptop and a phone, why have this middle something that's neither of those and can't do the job of either  I'm thinking transition falls there, if you r going out knowing it's sunny, just put prescription sunglasses and if you go indoor, well who cares...but this in between thing, idk how deal breaking it is...it's like having your phone change brightness automatically depending on brightness outside, which is turned off for me haha	labels:Tablets are invaluable for my work/school (coding). Serves as a secondary screen when I’m traveling, makes reading pdfs/books easier and also allows me to manually trace/write code when I want to, something I wouldn’t be able to do with a phone or a laptop. :)	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: No-Nonsense Professional Stately Fantasy Princess	labels:You made an album of my soul!!! Thank you!	episode_done:True
text:How to Choose Better Shoes	labels:We all hate workwear, but this guy takes it to the extreme	episode_done:True
text:Experience with fast fashion brands for office casual clothes (Shein, Fashion Nova, etc)?	labels:H&M is pretty good! I have a lot of dressy stuff from there. It’s not dirt cheap but it is pretty cheap, especially when things are on sale.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 14, 2020	labels:I’m looking to replace my ageing underwear collection is mainly composed of Calvin Klein Boxer Briefs.   I’ve heard good things about Uniqlo boxers, especially the Airism ones.   Is there any reason I should consider the Airism (£9.90) over the cheaper Suprima boxers (2 for £9.90) thanks	episode_done:True
text:Handbag conundrum: lesser know (and lesser seen all over the place) or standard luxury designer bags (think the usual Gucci, YSL, LV, etc.)	labels:I think the best bag, and the one that is really worth it, is the one you like. If you don't like the look and feel of common luxury brands, get the lesser known brand. Buy what you will use and what will make you happy.
text:Men's Health invited me for an interview after my post here	labels:This is your opportunity to start a clothing line.	episode_done:True
text:Nice Laundry No Show Socks Are Terrible!	labels:Bombas or bust for noshow socks. The cushioned ones are 👌	episode_done:True
text:> As I recall it it was just a lot of noobs helping other noobs and trying to bootstrap an understanding of fashion out of that. Actually worked reasonably well for what it was, but the results were sometimes terribly myopic. I think it's better now.  Pretty accurate.  >But many of the blogs really pushing for #menswear (DAE spezzatura) seemed to be posted here a lot and gained a lot of their community following from here. Can't really say how much MFA just sat within this zeitgeist and how much it helped shape and propagate it.  True as well.  It's hard and uncomfortable to think about, but at that time you really had to couch things in such ways because men (straight men) were generally just uncomfortable thinking about/caring about their appearance. "Metrosexual", as a term, came about (much earlier, in the early aughts iirc) because it was so hard to imagine *straight men* caring about their appearance.  Whereas now someone saying "I just don't want to look gay" is a borderline bannable offense, at the time it was the mindset of the entire ecosystem, really. Mad Men, lumberjacks, James Dean, and Steve McQueen; nothing to worry about, there. The couching of these things in terms of *timelessness*, or *classicness* or *investment*, or *gentlemanliness*, or whatever, was a way of making it acceptable for you to care about your appearance and work on it.	labels:Oh, yeah, *Mad Men*, I forgot about that. Showing to everyone that back when men were men, it was okay for *these* men to care about their suits, but in a *manly* way. It's coming back to me. I think some even went all the way back to chivalric virtues in their quest for manliness.  I guess it was a necessary step to go that route so men could see that it is and has always been okay to care about one's appearance. Perhaps we can transcend the leftovers in a few years.	episode_done:True
text:Wow, Max Mara’s coats are stunning (and expensive aha)! Is there a coat or tea set you’re particularly interested in?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I've been debating on making Strathberry Allegro midi my next bag. Keep going back and forth, between the more structured Allegro or one of the chain styles- East/West or Stylist.	labels:Size wise I can get a bottle of water, wallet, phone, keys and a small makeup case/a thin jacket in my Allegro. I think you’d be able to fit a fairly similar amount in the East/West. I don’t think you’d fit much more than your phone, wallet/card holder and keys in the Stylist.   I had plenty of smaller crossbody bags in a similar size to the Stylist and wanted something a bit bigger that could hold a few more things for longer days out without being a giant handbag (a size of bag I don’t currently have) and also able to be used at work, which is why I settled on the Allegro.
text:Hell yea	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday- Call for Submission	labels:Man as much as I want these to work, I feel like part of why they aren't is that people just don't understand what shitposting is.
text:General Discussion - November 06	labels:When I showed my wife the white pants I got yesterday, she narrowed her eyes and said, "Oh, those look... *fun*"  Thanks for being here, friends.
text:There’s an old Beams+ pair I lusted after in like 2015	labels:I'm curious, any photos?
text:Same goes for Fila	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Where do you get good quality, legit wool sweaters that won't rip/shrink after washing?	labels:Lots of good tips here but I wanted to add, if your husband's sweaters are very scratchy, get Eucalan or Soak and give them a soak, the lanolin softens them back up a bit! You can put it in a mesh lingerie bag and run them through spin cycle, then lay flat and shape gently to air dry.
text:Fashion "fantasies" coming true years later?	labels:I’ve been searching for the right utility style black jumpsuit for about a year now. I knew the shape I wanted and that I wanted it with short sleeves. It was hard to come by for a reasonable price until I finally found one on Poshmark for $18 and it just arrived today. I can’t wait to wear it.	episode_done:True
text:How do you style/match your footwear with your outfit ? Do you use colour blocking method ?	labels:My wardrobe is fairly neutral, I tend to wear mostly white blacks and greys so I love a good statement shoe for some more personality.   I have a pair of bright turquoise patterened mules which I wear with a neutral outfit. I also have a bright red/orange pair of heels which tie in perfectly with a pair of formal paperbag trousers which have the same colour running through. Personally I like to bring in colour from one accessory - whether that's a scarf, bag, shoe, or jewellery.  I like to play with juxtaposition and so if I wear a very feminine outfit I like to pair it with some tougher shoes like Doc martens.	episode_done:True
text:Canada Goose Workers Allege Unsafe Working Conditions in Winnipeg Factories. “Before I came to Canada I was in Qatar and then Dubai and it’s the same here in Canada Goose: No humanity.”	labels:In a culture that has generally turned on wearing fur for fashion, I dunno how this company gets a pass. A lot of people I spoke when I was involved in an anti-Canada Goose pressure campaign didn’t know it was real fur skinned off coyotes.   Canada Goose is unethical trash and you smell like a wet dog when it rains. I’m not surprised a company that’s super lax about its supply chain doesn’t value its workers. Most folks involved in animal exploitation sectors are exploited immigrants.
text:I know exactly what you mean. It can get to the point where it starts to look costume-y, but Loiron pulls it off effortlessly imo and doesn’t overstep that line	labels:	episode_done:True
text:During the height of #menswear people were copying many of the Italians and wearing multiple beaded and/or leather bracelets which are a bit more lowkey since they don’t shine like metal. A single signet ring on the pinky probably wouldn’t draw that much attention given the old-school tradition of it. And if you’ll allow me to plug myself a little bit, some of my waywt posts have me wearing some rings and bracelets even with my tailoring, though it may not be super visible. Metal jewellery primarily has the intent of being seen though, so you will be making a statement by combining it with tailoring.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Women with ADHD & Sensory Processing Disorder: I need Clothing recs!	labels:Rayon/Viscose all day every day.  Now that I am WFH it is all rayon dresses. Soft and flowy. Thin elastic or a tie at the waist.  I buy cheap ones and will wear them until they fall apart.	episode_done:True
text:2011-2014 nostalgia....... kill me LOL I'm turning 30 this year and that's too much	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Recent Purchases - November 08	labels:A full yohji outfit. Hakama, long shirt, and all. Now to garner the courage to actually wear it in public lol.	episode_done:True
text:As a Canadian I refuse to get rid of my skinny jeans. Half the year is spent surrounded by snow, slush, and gritty slime. I have to tuck my pants into tall boots. I remember when flares were super in when I was a kid/young teen and all my friends and I would be wandering around with these sopping wet pants slapping around our ankles. Never again.	labels:As a New Englander, I feel this too. Boot season is basically October- May and nothing but a fitted leg makes any sense. I too am scarred from having constantly wet pants as a young person!	episode_done:True
text:What true heirloom pieces do you own and how do you incorporate them into your style?	labels:I have a few of my moms high school sweaters/cardigans from the 70s (including the one that was part of her cheerleading uniform)! They’re well made and fit perfectly. They look quite preppy, so I usually pair them with jeans and a T-shirt.	episode_done:True
text:Casual Blazer Inspo	labels:This was not was I was expecting at all. Some of these "fits" just look absurd
text:What Are Your Regional Fashion Stereotypes?	labels:**los angeles**  * dick bib t-shirts, saggy butt sweats, bejeweled vans slip ons * tattered tie dye tee, tattered acid jeans, tattered converse with the hearts * lulu everything and $700 sneakers  * tehol in weird japanese stuff  most people are dressed pretty cool though tbh, i have no real complaints
text:Your AC bill has gotta be crazy.  I saw a SF post about climate change and how we might want to avoid heavy sweaters in the future.  Bah.	labels:Oh I don’t have AC.  I put them on at my house, wishing I was in the mountains so I could look cool wearing this particular fit, and then I take it off and put them back in my closet.
text:Engineered Garments Fall 2021 Menswear Collection	labels:Why are the pants all so wide?	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 22, 2020	labels:What is the dress code for thanksgiving with just my parents?
text:Cheers my fashionable friend! Any chance for an ID on those pants? Love the whole fit!	labels:They're Dolce & Gabanna silk jacquard, picked them up on TheRealReal for a decent price!	episode_done:True
text:The best sweatpants — 11 pairs tested (full post in comments)	labels:Holy fuck $150 for a pair of sweatpants, although rated as #1 is outrageous to me. I guess that's what it's like when one grows up buying thrifty stuff.	episode_done:True
text:Right on, couldn't agree more!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 19, 2020	labels:So I know this has been a problem since the dawn of online multiplayer, but it really bums me out how disrespectful people are in these online competitive games. I was in a situation where our team had won the match but because I wasn't playing \*as\* optimally as a few of my teammates would have liked, they all started trash talking me over voice comms after the match was over. It's such a bummer because it turns me off from wanting to play, even if I enjoy the game itself.  /end nerd rant
text:Kibbe System and Body Inclusivity	labels:I have negative associations with it because 99% of the time "red pill women" (or other women with deep issues) are the ones saying good things about it.  When I hear "Kibbe" I immediately think "red pill".
text:What/who are you cosplaying with a chore coat?	labels:Bill Cunningham	episode_done:True
text:I consider all of these to be shrugs.  Even the first pic because it is knit.  A bolero to me, is a constructed jacket worn in a more dressy way.  I'm dating myself, but we wore bolero jackets with our homecoming/prom/fancy event dresses.   Often in a velvet or satin fabric.	labels:Yes. I agree. These are shrugs, bolero is a cropped jacket.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 29, 2020	labels:Wrangler Wrancher alternatives in Europe? Are there any decent options for Europeans (under € 70? I checked Amazon but they either don't ship to my country or don't have my size (29x30). I found some similiar pants for women but I know that women trousers don't have pockets or not large enough ones which is very annoying.	episode_done:True
text:How do I find out what I really like and want?	labels:i would say to just experiment with pieces. when it’s covid safe, go to the mall and try on some stuff in changing rooms. see what “feels like you” and looks right on your body and run with that. style is dynamic, and sometimes you just stop liking things. it happens! i also recommend pinterest, go on there and look at outfits, and pin all the ones you like, then go back and try to notice similarities, either in aesthetic or specific looks. good luck on your style journey!
text:I would love a vibes/inspo thread! Would be a fun addition to the recurring threads.    Also :)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Topman is now a part of ASOS	labels:I wonder if that means Topman/Topshop is going to be pulled from Nordstrom and their physical stores.	episode_done:True
text:I own a small store. We’ve tried US made, organic, whatever... ultimately most people won’t pay the 3x premium for the same product, and that’s before the pandemic.	labels:Yes! Everyone keeps saying that clothing companies should make MIUSA products because they'll pay more for them but it's all talk. People don't care. People just want cheap clothing.
text:General Discussion - November 26, 2020	labels:just had a chat about the topic u/Anthraxistaken brought up yesterday about people wanting to wear Nazi uniforms and their only response was  “I’m upset because those uniforms should be in a memorial”. UuuuHHmMMm that’s an interesting angle  Edit: it should be noted I know this person and previously trusted them, snakes in the grass people
text:Textured Knits	labels:37 is fire. Would absolutely rock that coat.	episode_done:True
text:What are your favorite straight leg jeans?	labels:Levi’s Wedgie Straight made me abandon skinny jeans once and for all.	episode_done:True
text:Thank all of you	labels:Love the story, but the last paragraph worries me. You’re just getting into good shoes! Don’t spend the thousands on Allen Edmonds, because soon you’ll be learning more and more about great shoes and will start looking for better. AE is a great place to start, but leave yourself some room- there are dozens of great brands for you to discover! Up to “a few thousand” you can look at TLB Mallorca, Carmina, Enzo Bonafé, John Lobb RTW, Edward Green- there are a lot of better places to spend that kind of money on shoes, and if I could’ve gone back I would’ve skipped spending on the low end with AE and Meermin until I learned about the higher end shoes I have today. It’s a deep field and an addicting one, so good luck!
text:Le Château is closing all stores (most likely)	labels:Sad, I loved their businesswear dresses when I was in school... so aspirational for me!  I have one super lovely bronze and black sheath dress from them that my mother in law gave me. I've never had an occassion to wear it tho.	episode_done:True
text:Sounds awesome! Always nice picking up a new pastime	labels:	episode_done:True
text:>I had learned not to make eye contact, so I kept my eyes on my phone and my headphones in my ear. I did turn off the music though.  the perfect move to enjoy crazy things on the subway. you learned well	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I love Mrs. Frizzle clothes!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What were the fashion finds that made you cry of happiness?	labels:I'd wanted a nice pair of Nike shoes for a while, but the ones I liked were way out of my price range... One day while I was shopping in a shoe store I found the exact pair of shoes that I wanted and they were $40 off! It was a gift from heaven. I still to this day can't believe I found them and at such a good price!	episode_done:True
text:Sorry you feel that way. When I wrote it, I tried to convey that I didn't put much thought into what I wore. Perhaps I could have said pajama bottoms with RRL cardigans. I don't have a perfect description for it, but I do think that the style Andrew is wearing there is a lot more coherent. I think there are ways to do that style thoughtfully, and not randomly. I didn't write this with the intention of making people feel unhappy with their current wardrobe. Just trying to give suggestions on how they may get enjoyment from clothes, even when confined to home.	labels:Is this actually Derek Guy
text:How would you describe the quality of self-knit/self-made clothes vs. store bought?	labels:I knit but do not sew. My hand knit garments are, in my opinion, much nicer than anything I buy. I can customize the pattern to fit me perfectly and I use very high-quality materials. That said, I am also kinder to my hand knit garments than to my store bought ones. I was them by hand and only when needed. This could also be a factor.	episode_done:True
text:Dream Unconventional/ Unrealistic Fashion Accessories- Discussion	labels:I just want to wear elaborate and detailed capes without getting stared at.
text:Thanks for the reply...this is the way I'm leaning currently. Might be a while before I'm in Miami, so maybe I'll test out a competitor with a whole suit in the meantime. That blazer was going to be more than an entire suit from Endochino or Black Lapel.	labels:Different construction quality and fitting from Indochino compared to SS.	episode_done:True
text:Thanks mate :)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I'm a 32 year old married woman with a mortgage and here I am forwarding shipping labels to my parents to print off for me when I come to dinner #adulting	labels:My parents would love that lol. They live a little to far to arrange that :D	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 22, 2020	labels:Why can't anybody in this godforsaken city make decent fried chicken?	episode_done:True
text:Wow, I had no idea.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Post-Baby Problems I Wish Someone Had Warned Me About	labels:This is terrifying thanks 😂😭
text:Future of fibers?	labels:You might be interested in the following books:  Fashionopolis The Future of Fashion   If I recall correctly both cover new types of textiles.	episode_done:True
text:Tips for easily looking more modern/in style?	labels:Depends on what you have, what you like. Assuming you have basics you like, the easiest and quickest way to "modernize" is to get one top or bottom in the shape or color of the season, and a pair of shoes.  Right now loafers are having a moment, extra modern is ones with chunkier soles. Chunky knit tops are having a moment, particularly cardigans. So you can get a chunky knit cardigan, chunky loafers, and pair with jeans and you are more "current."   Or you can swap your normal jeans with a straight legged faux leather trouser and those same loafers.   I like to follow sites like Coveteur, Who What Wear, or the Zoe Report and read their trend roundups and adopt accordingly (for me that means after I have vetted it is the sort of trend I would like.)	episode_done:True
text:my all-black eDgY WiTcHy gOtH capsule wardrobe	labels:Gosh that sweater/skirt combo is giving me life 😍
text:I have a vivid memory from elementary school of getting bullied for wearing champion sneakers instead of nikes I legit never got how people think champion is a hype brand now	labels:To be fair I still think a high schooler would be made fun of by their peers if they wear champion sneakers lol	episode_done:True
text:What is your favorite under-the-radar brand?	labels:Not sure if this counts as a brand, but Little Women Atelier on etsy. I bought a dress and petticoat and they are both beautiful and great quality. I feel like a princess every time I wear them :)	episode_done:True
text:That isn't my experience with them, I've had my pair of Scouts for three years in regular rotation (2-3 times/week) and they're fine?  Standard wear, wrinkles, scuffs, etc.  I'm not using them in the wilderness or anything just using them to the office, walking about 4K-6K steps while I'm there.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Style rut: Pinterest vs reality	labels:Okay, so people are heckin' rude. What inspires us can be unwearable on our particular bodies, and we're not obligated to wear it. Or maybe we don't want to wear that exact item, but some part of it excites us. It's okay to translate what you loved in a picture into something you feel fits into your everyday life. What gives with your "friend"?  Now, if you find yourself unable to do that -- you're STILL okay. And if you need help, obviously that's why Daily Questions etc exist. Because we weren't any of us born knowing how to style.
text:Stockings vs Tights vs Leggings	labels:no contribution here but I personally hate most tights because the inseams tend to be too short for me and tall tights are often more expensive and harder to find (sheertex doesn't make them anymore....why???)
text:Covid Dilemna - Finding my style	labels:Yep, I frequently play "dress up" in my own clothes and take pictures to analyze. If it's an option, you could try borrowing clothes from a friend or family member to try on and do the same. Remember to try different styling tricks, too, like rolling sleeves, belting, cuffing pant legs, etc or even pinning at different lengths or fullness to get an idea of what those silhouettes look like. It's not the cheapest, but you could also rent clothes or just buy and return. I'd only do that if there's something you want to try that you don't otherwise have access to, though.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 05, 2020	labels:Looking for a really nice flannel shirt to give as a gift. Looked at Huckberry, Proper Cloth, and Faherty. Are there other places/brands I should be considering? Giftee knows a lot about high quality clothing, I know next to nothing. Thanks!	episode_done:True
text:Fashion to help your changing body and lifestyle?	labels:Addressing the body change: I too gained a decent amount of weight in my mid twenties due to getting an office job. One of the biggest breakthroughs I had in terms of my style was accepting my new body/silhouette and figuring out what cuts work for my new body. With that extra weight, I ended up loving the way I looked in long, dark pencil skirts paired with a tucked in top. Additionally, I stopped caring about the number or the size of the garment. Sometimes I needed a size M, sometimes I needed a size XL. Once I got over that mental hurdle, shopping was so much easier.   &#x200B;  Addressing the lifestyle change: Not sure if this is the advice you wanted to hear, but this is what worked for me. My younger self's style was not office appropriate at all. I was into short sundresses and plunging necklines. My big "ah-hah" moment was realizing that I can have two styles. At work, I'm a walking advertisement for J.Crew and I feel so confident. Outside of work, I'm in a short dress and high heels. The trick for me was realizing that my body can pull off different silhouettes depending on the style. I enjoy form fitting outfits in my office wardrobe. Conversely, I enjoy flowy outfits in my non-office wardrobe.
text:Why Did Bottega Veneta Delete Its Social Media Accounts?	labels:All these thinkpieces serve to do is mystify a transparent marketing strategy dovetailing neatly with the ethos of the brand. As a brand Bottega Veneta is fashion's equivalent of your friends on social media who announce to the world that they're going to be moving in silence from now on  – a brand for those who want to be lowkey, *but not really*.  Social media makes sense for brands like LV for whom the core ethos is in your face flaunting, as Instagram is both chief flex medium and ultimate marketing tool to an aspirational public. Bottega Veneta's courtship is a bit different. If I'm BV I don't even want to be seen as attempting to court that customer, and so the retreat from social media makes sense considering the brand's appeal to aspirational customers who want to be perceived as more sophisticated than those of LV. In reality BV is every bit as accessible before (just type it into the search bar) but it's the *illusion* of withdrawal which is key, both in attracting more aspirational customers and retaining your seasonal clients, for whom discretion – especially in LVMH's major growth market of China – is key.  I don't have any experience in marketing or the luxury sector but what this tells me is that LVMH believes either that a social media presence was a waste of resources or that this'll help cultivate a fake sense of "in the know" among their growth demographic, particularly with COVID exposing the full extent of income inequality's social rot.  Considering influencer fraud, flexing, and the danger of being mixed in with the bland minimal luxury aesthetic running rampant on IG, it makes perfect sense for them to pull back.  &#x200B;  TL;DR: It's just good marketing. The brand will still be very present in all the relevant outlets that actually generate sales.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 15, 2020	labels:I’m starting a new job in January, the attire is Business Casual. My normal clothes are punk style and I have sleeve tattoos. My question is what do you recommend that would be appropriate for long sleeve business casual outfits? Just want people to judge me off my work instead of guy with tattoos first! Thanks!
text:What Goes Around Comes Around Doubles Down on Chanel’s Relationship with Farfetch in Latest Round of Lawsuit	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What is the upscale version of Fashion Nova / SHEIN / boohoo / Nasty Gal? i.e. trendy + youth-oriented but not trash quality	labels:Maybe free people? Aritzia?	episode_done:True
text:I was SO surprised when I came to this sub and thread comment after thread focused on purging, and capsule wardrobes, and minimalism. As some one who regularly keeps articles of clothing for 7+ years by caring for it well I just Do Not Relate and also do not want to!	labels:On the point about caring for clothing, I do NOT understand when people post about clothing disintegrating in the wash. Like. How is that even happening?!
text:Sage de Cret Fall/Winter 2020	labels:Uniqlo meets engineered garments, but a little duller?
text:It never ceases to amaze me what closet fashies think is a convincing argument lmao.  Edit: “surely it’s fine if you just separate the politics from the nazi uniforms” was probably where I should have just stopped replying in hindsight	labels:Smh why does every conversation about the Nazis get all PoLiTiCaL?	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 13, 2020	labels:I lost my wallet!  I loved this wallet and had it for years. It was leather and had a money clip built in. Can anyone recommend a nice wallet similar to this?  Will link a photo of a similar wallet in a comment. Thanks!	episode_done:True
text:I have this problem all the time. Recently I've had the bad habit of buying the same piece of clothing in every color/pattern available if the fit is great. But I really need to stop and just buy multiples of the colors I actually end up wearing since I *know* I'm going to wear those colors more often but end up thinking I'll be more "adventurous" or "fun." Let's be real though: I'm going to wear black, white, or grey, and anything else is just a waste.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:WEEKLY DEALZ	labels:Target has 20% off many of their women's clothing brands. You have to save the offer to your wallet for it to apply at checkout.	episode_done:True
text:Yeah. I kinda feel like "bespoke" feels far more pretentious than it is. Frankly, I wear denim almost every damn day so I'd love to get a pair of denim in a fabric I like that I know will fit me really well.   I'd be much more likely to drop the money on "bespoke" denim than a suit, coat, shirt, or shoes frankly.  Simon gets bespoke everything it seems like but I can see the appeal occasionally outside of just being a nerd.  edit: Not to mention that there are specialty denim tailoring services to hem with a chain-stitch, taper with flat-felled seams, take in the waist, etc. etc. If I'm gonna spend ~$400 on some specialty denim I can see putting that money into getting fittings being entirely worthwhile rather than some special Japanese fabric and shuttle loom. (said the guy who just bought a pair of Iron Hearts...)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Is the high fashion industry a little tone-deaf for F/W 2020?	labels:Why would it be tonedeaf? This is kind of a U.S.-centric view. Not everyone in the world is still struggling with COVID, and a lot of the rest of the world isn't nearly as casual as America is, fashion-wise.   Call me crazy, but I'm tired of shapeless billowy clothing in earth tones, and I am READY for some structure and interesting textures. All summer has been about beige and washed out green and brown linen, let's see something else.   Plus, it's a weird take anyway, because high fashion doesn't really target loungewear, either way. Do we really expect major fashion houses to all abandon blazers and leather pants and start showing PJs and sweatpants on the runway?   Others have already pointed out that these collections have been designed months in advance, but consider another point - fashion has always been reactive. When forced to stay inside and only wear sweatpants for 6 months, people will rebel and start daydreaming and longing for the opposite. This pandemic was always going to inspire a sort of glam rock aesthetic, imo. BRING IT.
text:Dashiel Brahmann Fall/Winter 2020	labels:Any idea when these are releasing?
text:And even more than that, how about cutting tops to fit tits for once! If the shirt is the right size, there is no need for the hidden hook.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:If anybody is looking at this comment and looking at the belt, I avidly purchase Sezane and participate in their forums, and some colors of the leather in these belts lately have been off from the website. DM me if you need more info (would still 10/10 recommend this belt)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Why avoid solid red?	labels:Depending on culture, red is the bride's color. It's like showing up in all white.
text:Because in the age of cancel culture and twitter rage it doesn't matter what the facts are or what the original intention of something is or was, it's about how a thing is perceived in the moment.  A group would see the proud boys wearing these quilts and just assume the label was supporting them and the war would be on.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 20, 2021	labels:My partner is now officially my spouse. I now wear a ring which will look good with my fits, but feels really weird being just ... there on my hand, all the time now.  They vetoed me posting pictures (we have public facing jobs, these pictures are all over social media, too easy to reverse image search etc.), but they wore a Rick Owens dress (that I picked out) while I went full minimalism with a collarless shirt with onyx studs, a sleek blazer and cropped trousers. I put this together from my existing wardrobe, since we didn't want to spend a lot. Covid measures made things a bit weird, but the court officer made a real effort into making it nice, which was great. (edit: just so nobody thinks we are totally irresponsible: it was literally just us at city hall, no guests, no party. We'll catch up with that after vaccination.)  It was fun seeing all y'all Americans count down to my wedding day.
text:Balenciaga FALL/WINTER 2021 (Afterworld: The Age of Tommorow)	labels:This armor stuff is insane, I liked the political theme more from last season	episode_done:True
text:Street style	labels:This winter I found a coat I fell in love with, wool, oversized, soft pink, it turns heads on its own so I just find different things already in my closet to wear with it. That tends to be my approach I find... I fall in love with a certain look/item, and then proceed to wear the s*** out of it for months until my craving passes or the season changes.
text:yes, please no low rise jeans  - they didn't even look good on me when I was a teenager and as thin as I ever was!!!	labels:Ugh and visible thongs	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone else always hesitate to buy what they truly love because they don't have a social life?	labels:Outside of Covid,  I am perfectly happy to wear fancier than necessary clothes to work out while running errands.    What I really want and can't justify is a floor length formal gown. I don't think I have ever gone to a black tie event.  Why don't people have fancy parties anymore????? I just want to wear a ball gown once a year,  is that too much to ask?
text:Wow, this is such a good answer.   Thank you   I enjoy high end and have a massive knowledge of it. But working immediately in high end isn’t really my goal. I wanna get a great education, be stimulated , be pushed, I wanna put all my time a nd energy into fashion. It’s all I think about, all I do, all I want.  My father is ironically a fine artist, that’s how we live as a family, Off his art. I’ve grown up knowing the work, dedication and talent you have to have even to even make a living off fashion.   It’s taken me a long time to realize how much I want this, but I’m 21 and it’s all I can think about.  If you wanna check some of my work my Instagram is @liepkes. Dm me tell me what you think.	labels:A lot of people live and breathe fashion and say it's all the think about. One of the downsides of an industry that is also a hobby for many, is that there is no shortage of people who desperately want to work in it. That means that: 1.) there is an oversupply of applicants; 2.) it can be a race to the bottom just to get in (unpaid internships, low wages); and 3.) your passion is not enough to get by.   Good luck on your future, and always remember that a job is still a job. And sometimes, it's worse when it's also your hobby.   If your dad is the first result for Liepke then I actually follow him on IG and really admire his art.
text:WEEKLY DEALZ!	labels:Patagonia has some solid items under their web specials (i.e. nano coats on sale, super cheap cashmere hat, etc. )	episode_done:True
text:Somebody else loosing so much time to choose the right item to buy when looking for something? I feel it cost me more in time when I try to buy responsibly.	labels:I like to think of one’s closet as ever evolving anyway. Even with a capsule, at some point something will get damaged or need replacement.  I am phasing in real fabrics, but not relinquishing the poly dresses n such that I still enjoy.  I look to all kinds of designers I’d never afford or wear for inspiration. Heck, I get excited just to see what the mom on schitts creek wears.  I know now what I want in leather and am not opposed to carrying a quality non-designer bag .   You live n learn. Got a coach bag this year. The leather is crap. Finally said no more. Came from coach website even	episode_done:True
text:Manifesto, the bizarre yet intriguing sneaker: world’s first asymmetrical shoe in mass production?	labels:I cut the netting off one of my ultra boosts a few years ago and left it on the other shoe because I didn’t like the netless look. Call me an innovator.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 15, 2020	labels:Is there any way to preorder the "basic" Kamakura shirts? I've been looking for about 3 months now (checking their website at least once a week) and haven't managed to find my size even once.	episode_done:True
text:Thought this belonged here	labels:Developing a sense of how colors interact with each other is far better than memorizing/referring to a guides like this. Study basics of color theory and look at the world around you. There is also shape, proportion of colors that can and will change color interaction, so these sorts of guides aren't fool proof either anyway. If you are interested in dressing better, learning the basics of design and color theory is worth it. Learn how to fish, sort of thing.	episode_done:True
text:Ever been censored at work because of what you wear?	labels:Was previously told my trousers had too many buckles. I was a temp. Girl next to me was wearing a black transparent shirt with a white bra underneath. I was told that bc she is fat, she does not distract other employees (read - males) but my buckles did. Fuck that place and that HR lady in particular.
text:Favorite fashion impracticalities	labels:Giant sweater + skater skirt is cute as hell even if your knees freeze.
text:Awesome! Congrats!!!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Yeah - I wouldn't skimp on denim and footwear. A nice pair of boots that will last years and grow patina, same with denim fades. You can skimp a bit on the rest -    for example today I'm wearing: $300 Samurai Jeans, $x00 boots, $x00 vintage watch - but paired with an $8 Hanes cotton/poly sweatshirt from amazon and $5 generic khaki hat from walmart.	labels:Just seconding what others have said about denim, while I love good denim and definitely see the value of a $300 pair, it's definitely possible to skimp on denim and still have it last for years. Of course it won't look as nice as a more expensive pair, but if your goal is just to look presentable then cheaper denim can do the trick imo!	episode_done:True
text:It’s also literally timeless if you are buying 14k/18k jewelry - it will last for years with the right care! Which also makes the delicate style more attainable in that regard - less gold material ($$$) needed.  I do think there will be some post-recession/depression like trends that will start emerge in 2021, but only to one or two items in an outfit. Like for some, it may be adding fun, costume jewelry and for others it might be reflected in flouncier dresses or statement bags, etc. It’s tough to predict and may not happen until after the vaccine reaches the majority, but I’m here to see it!	labels:Be careful about certain pieces, though. Some wear down over time and you can actually lose your stone/diamond (you should get your ring checked every couple of years if it has a prong setting).	episode_done:True
text:Fold VS Hang	labels:What about dump in a heap on the floor?  Just kidding!  I do the Konmari method for anything I don’t mind ironing.  It really does save more space; and I do it for my entire family.  The things I don’t fold are heavy wool items that are woven (most formal fall/winter things); but I will fold light dresses since I iron them before every wear anyway.	episode_done:True
text:Anyone like wearing traditional clothing from you culture?	labels:I also love wearing my cultural wear! I was born and raised in the US, but my parents are from Vietnam. Our traditional dress is the áo dài, and I just think it’s so beautiful. It’s such an elegant piece of clothing and literally makes any girl look good, no matter what size or shape you are. I’d love to wear it as part of everyday wear, but it looks a bit formal for most occasions. I have seen some more modern versions and a bit trendier versions, so I’m trying to get my hands on that. As for now, I just wear my cultural dress to church on Sundays, which is a more appropriate setting.  But I wouldn’t worry yourself about what your mom has to say about it. If it you like it and it makes you feel good, then why not wear it? I bet you look amazing in them, it sounds so cute!
text:This + good lighting.   &#x200B;  It may be worth investing in a ring light (there are some good ones for 15-25$)	labels:Ah that's a really good idea, thank you! I thought only influencers used them lol, but I bet they're great for wfh too.
text:Tall beauties of Reddit, tell me your favorite brands that offer tall/long options	labels:American Eagle has extra long jean options.
text:Difficulty distinguishing between so 'idealized' style and personal style?	labels:Grad student here feeling the same way. Will be keeping an eye on this thread.	episode_done:True
text:Bottega Veneta is owned by Kering but yeah the same thing still applies to them too.  I noticed that right after Phoebe Philo left Celine and that brand changed the whole look with Hedi Slimane, there was influencers on social media etc calling BV the 'new Celine' and hyping the brand, it was getting pushed on places like GQ and other mags too. Maybe that was an organic shift and the Phoebe Philo Celine fans just wanted a new brand to love after she left but also, it could easily be inside marketing from BV and Kering to take advantage of that space. And I remember Celine never used to have an Instagram page, social media or much of an online presence at all that kept it kind of mysterious, now BV is trying that. More than a coincidence?	labels:Bottega being positioned as the 'new celine' had a lot to do with Daniel Lee taking over at BV who had previously worked under Phoebe at Celine. It was definitely deliberate positioning but the appointment of Daniel Lee meant it had some credibility to it rather being just purely buzzwords.	episode_done:True
text:Srs I died at “gazongas”	labels:	episode_done:True
text:/r/Malefashionadvice Best of 2020 voting & nomination thread	labels:Best self-post of 2020	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 24, 2020	labels:trying to start up an instagram for waywt completely disconnected from my normal accounts  of course instagram is fucking creepy so you cannot create an account without it being instantly linked to friends/family on my main account  i do not need people from a decade ago commenting on my clothing. damn you instagram
text:what are wardrobe items you own that you absolutely recommend to everyone else here?	labels:A really good quality, solid leather belt.  I just made myself one out of a stiff buffalo leather. It looks and feels amazing! Good support with nice brass hardware	episode_done:True
text:Who else has sensory issues that has figured out ways to not dress boring?	labels:I find skirts work well for me in that there is no tightness around my legs. If it is really cold I will wear tights too, but they have to fit well and not constrict anywhere. No pressure on my knees, no seams or fabric bunches pressing into my nethers like I might have with trousers or jeans.  I like to feel the swish of a skirt, but from the sounds of it, your trousers wrapping around your legs don't make you feel happy so that may not be something that works for you.  I just find I feel less constricted in a skirt.  I tend to go for circle skirts of knee length or longer.  I'm fussy about fabric too, I don't have any patience for polyester or acrylic or anything that might make me feel sweaty or overheated.   With a skirt I just have the one measurement to be worried about, the waist measurement. As long as that fits well and is natural fibre, I'm golden.	episode_done:True
text:List of a couple of inspo albums	labels:You’re the most important contributor to this sub	episode_done:True
text:Hot Southern Gothic Summer / Inspo album / Because we needed another for 2021!	labels:What a fun inspo album, serving those Donna Tartt vibes!
text:L.L.Bean x Todd Snyder Collection	labels:for some reason ll bean doing a collab had me really wary, but there's some really cool funky stuff in here	episode_done:True
text:I will definitely keep this in mind, thank you! You're right, now that I think about it, pretty much all the time I spend in front of the mirror has always been to criticize and never to be satisfied.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What do you think about having a signature style vs. a variety of looks?	labels:I have three or four distinct styles. Most of the time I like wearing dark, edgy punk-inspired clothes. However, I’m a style chameleon. If I need to be professional, I have a whole separate wardrobe of high-quality suiting. Take out my piercings, and I’ll have anyone fooled that that’s the realest me. In the summer and family gatherings I often wear more earthy boho and beachy surfer looks. Fashion is a great tool for self-expression, matching the mood, and setting the mood.
text:Has anyone just said screw it and focused more on fit than color scheme for your outfits? What's an unlikely color combination that you ended up loving?	labels:My wardrobe largely consists of really loud colors and equally loud prints, but I generally offset the loudness by wearing neutral sweaters and other accessories. I haven’t typically been into hot pink, but I just bought a Barbie-esque hot pink cardigan because it was on sale and I needed WFH pandemic sweaters. And SURPRISE! Turns out hot pink is actually a neutral for me; it goes with most of my clothes, and I really wouldn’t have guessed it.  Edit: color combos so far have been hot pink and navy blue/gold, hot pink and red/white, hot pink and blue/purple, hot pink and baby blue, hot pink and green/black, hot pink and....everything really.	episode_done:True
text:*Checks UK and Italy*	labels:	episode_done:True
text:No no, fashion isn't for grocery store employees and Starbucks baristas come now /s  OP, I dont think you're coming from a bad place, but this post is really tone deaf	labels:I think I was misinterpreted. I'm not offended by the trends, I'm disappointed to see the same types of fall trends we've seen the last few years show up despite the desire from a large number of people to feel pretty and stay comfy. I know my personal disappoinment is not shared by most in this sub, and I've been rightfully reminded that collections take time to develop and release. But don't twist my words by implying that I said fashion should be gatekept. Like any other element of culture and art it does not exist in a vacuum. And I'm sure plenty of essential workers, friends and family of mine included, can desire comfort on the job as well.	episode_done:True
text:OMG yes if you just moved to the Midwest you need some outerwear. I am from Wisconsin. It gets cold as fuck here	labels:I didn't just move here but I'm also never prepared for winter here. My strategy is always just to run from my car into the office as fast as I can, but I should actually prepare this year!!	episode_done:True
text:What can I wear when I have a medical issue that makes my waistline change a lot?	labels:I bought Public Rec's all day every day pants a few months ago, they're pretty nice, they look like slacks from a distance but are almost like a tracksuit material and super comfy / stretchy	episode_done:True
text:The MFA Fall 2020 Fit Battle	labels:RemindMe! 6 months	episode_done:True
text:When/why did you get your first really fancy purse/bag?	labels:I got my first fancy bag after calling off my wedding lol I figured it cost around the same amount as the dress I wouldn’t ever wear so why not? The woman at the LV store thought I was on drugs ... “are you celebrating something?” And I’m like as a matter of fact, yes, yes I am. I just lost a ton of money on a wedding but I dodged a bullet and left that POS. All she said was “well you can always make more money” anyway, I’m getting a Chanel bag for my next milestone birthday. Not sure which one but it’s gonna happen soon.
text:What are you wearing for Halloween this year?	labels:Don’t think I’ll dress up this year but the best costume parties I’ve been to have been themed. In 2012 I went to a party themed “famous literary characters” it was a really diverse group and it was so much fun figuring out who was who and talking about different books
text:WEEKLY DEALZ	labels:Urban Outfitters is having a sale- 30% off the sale section both men's and women's (online, I'm not sure if it's in store also) no code needed!	episode_done:True
text:Goals and Resolutions Check in: February	labels:My goals are going well! A couple of ours are essentially the same. Good luck, we got this!  1) Wardrobe Overhaul  At the beginning of the year, all I owned was athleisure. I was a very cozy, but very bored, person. So I’m working on filling my wardrobe with clothes that really make me happy, and it’s working! I’m in a fortunate position right now, so I’ve been spending the last stimulus check on ThredUp and Poshmark. I gotta say I am loving online thrifting.  2) Dress for my emotions rather than comfort.  Part of moving away from athleisure. My clothes really influence how I feel, so dressing up to look like a badass bitch makes me feel like a badass bitch. Even on days I work at home, I wear outfits to emotionally prep myself to enjoy being productive. I change into pjs when my work is done for the day, so I actually get to look forward to my comfy clothes rather than feel like it’s just another lazy day in leggings.  3) Focus on fit and proportions.  This one is harder but is making me feel the most ~fashionable~. I’m trying to identify how/why certain pieces work on me while others look slightly off. I take videos of myself where I make a bunch of tiny adjustments to my outfits to identify the little details I do or don’t like. This is definitely the biggest of my goals, and will take a long time to really figure out. I can often tell when something isn’t right about an outfit, but identifying that element is tricky.
text:Sage de Cret Fall/Winter 2020	labels:Im unreasonably in love with this collection. It's the perfect combination of interesting, but still wearable.	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Queer Anthropologist from the PNW	labels:Love this so much. Where do I find clothes that match this?	episode_done:True
text:What were the fashion finds that made you cry of happiness?	labels:I found a Mulberry Lily bag at a thrift shop in Paris for 50€ a few years ago. The brand is not super common in France and I don’t think the shop owners recognized its value. I always had a soft spot for that bag and to find it for such a deal was incredible - my hands were shaking when I left the store!
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 07, 2020	labels:Where do I even start??  High school guy here and I usually just wear something like this:  *winter* slim jeans Air Max 90s Hoodie  *summer/fall*  Athletic shorts Hoodie Same shoes w/tall socks  My style sucks and I really don’t know where to start. I can’t figure out good outfits or what looks good :/. All help is appreciated!
text:Pros and cons of an a capsule wardrobe?	labels:Capsule wardrobe is not for me. But you need to ask yourself what you want to get out of a capsule and what wardrobe issue you are trying to solve.   Do you want to have less stuff? Make it easier to get dressed? Get more higher quality stuff?  Eliminate decision fatigue? Etc.   If you are moving into to this path you want to figure out two things. Your color palette and what shapes you like. These should help you figure out the base of the wardrobe. And you do not want to trash everything and get it all at once. You’ll make mistakes and learn what you like by experimenting.    Maybe try a 10x10 challenge to get a taste of a more limited wardrobe.	episode_done:True
text:Irish wool makes a comeback	labels:I love jackets and sweaters and coats and hoodies and vests and I love shopping for them and I love buying them and wearing them only in my house because I live in Southern California.  Sucks
text:I want to eliminate the need for dry cleaning my work wardrobe. Sadly, anything nice seems incompatible with machine wash. What long lasting, work pieces have been easiest for you to maintain?	labels:I wear a lot of stuff from Rickis, RW&Co, and INC International Concepts. It's all fairly inexpensive, holds up well, and is machine washable.  "Dry clean only" is almost always a lie though. Clothing manufacturers are required to put care instructions on garments, dry clean only is an easy way for them to avoid responsibility if the garment gets fucked up while being cleaned.   Almost everything with a dry clean only label can be put in the washing machine in a mesh bag. If something seems really delicate (sequins, glitter, delicate mesh) then you can almost certainly hand wash it. Just avoid heat and you should be fine. At this point the only things I would dry clean would be items with sculptural/3d elements that would break down if they got wet.  I thrift most of my clothing, so I'm really daring about putting things in the wash, because if it gets wrecked I'm probably not losing more than $10. I've put dozens of dry clean only items in the washing machine and I don't remember the last time I wrecked something by doing so.	episode_done:True
text:'Everybody will get their mittens': maker of Bernie Sanders' mittens forges business partnership	labels:Perfect for keeping 💎✋ warm
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge Announcement: Rock & Roll!	labels:Yo, /u/TheFlavorOfLife, you there?
text:Goals and Resolutions Check in: February	labels:My goals are going well! A couple of ours are essentially the same. Good luck, we got this!  1) Wardrobe Overhaul  At the beginning of the year, all I owned was athleisure. I was a very cozy, but very bored, person. So I’m working on filling my wardrobe with clothes that really make me happy, and it’s working! I’m in a fortunate position right now, so I’ve been spending the last stimulus check on ThredUp and Poshmark. I gotta say I am loving online thrifting.  2) Dress for my emotions rather than comfort.  Part of moving away from athleisure. My clothes really influence how I feel, so dressing up to look like a badass bitch makes me feel like a badass bitch. Even on days I work at home, I wear outfits to emotionally prep myself to enjoy being productive. I change into pjs when my work is done for the day, so I actually get to look forward to my comfy clothes rather than feel like it’s just another lazy day in leggings.  3) Focus on fit and proportions.  This one is harder but is making me feel the most ~fashionable~. I’m trying to identify how/why certain pieces work on me while others look slightly off. I take videos of myself where I make a bunch of tiny adjustments to my outfits to identify the little details I do or don’t like. This is definitely the biggest of my goals, and will take a long time to really figure out. I can often tell when something isn’t right about an outfit, but identifying that element is tricky.
text:In addition to Flames' great comment below, the number of active users tends to also go down proportionally when subreddits get bigger.	labels:Is this because as sub ages, it stabilizes and then gets less popular?   Otherwise you could you just purge old  accounts and tons of new people would magically  subscribe and post.	episode_done:True
text:Unique brands/boutiques in your city?	labels:In Washington DC, I love the secondhand boutique Fia's Fabulous Finds in the Petworth neighborhood. I've gotten a few truly special items there NWT and the owner is so kind. Not sure if they are open right now with COVID, but check them out.	episode_done:True
text:For Europeans,and this is a very unlikely source because they are so cheap, but Stradivarius is pretty reliable for 100%cotton knits. When winter arrives acrylic will rule though but so far 20 euro cotton knits.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 18, 2021	labels:For context, I'm 19 and I recently bought around $500 worth of clothes for black friday and this is the first time I've ever gone shopping for clothes for myself on a large scale.  Instead of looking for fashion trends I just looked for clothes that I thought would look good on me.  As my clothes got delivered, I tried them all on and was really happy with the way I looked.   But, recently something happened that made me very self-conscious about what I wear in public.  I was at a kickback with a couple of my friends, and a girl I didn't know walked up to me after I was done playing chess with my friend.  The first thing she said to me was "is that your boyfriend?"  This was a very weird situation for me because the first interaction I have with this person is already bad.  I say "No, I'm straight," and she replies "Oh, I thought you were gay."  I asked her why she thought I was gay and she told me it was because of my outfit.  Then she asks to play a game of chess against me and I didn't want to be unpleasant so I accepted.  The entire 15 minutes of that chess game I wanted it to be over because of how fucked the situation was. I was wearing jeans, a striped shirt, and a tan blazer.  I also frequently wear silver stud earrings, nothing too blingy.  This experience really hurt me because I'm a very self-conscious person.  I really enjoy being comfortable in what I'm wearing, and this has made me reconsider what to wear in public.   Are there any fashion styles I should enjoy if I want to avoid being titled as gay?  Or should I just keep wearing what I want to wear? I'd say that my personality and the way that I speak is a clear indication that I am straight, I'm just worried about people judging me before they meet me (because clearly that happens).
text:NYT: The Very Right-Now Allure of Going to Extremes – Reviews of Rick Owens, Loewe, and Dries' SS21 Presentations	labels:Dries Van Noten is my newest favorite designer brand. The pop of vibrant colours adds to the flair. DVN always had a masterly command over the colour palette, so I'm not surprised. I liked the juxtaposition of these upbeat colours with rather simple cuts. And the photography work is truly stunning. The interplay between light and shadows heavily enriches the mood.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 21, 2020	labels:I’ve been looking to make friends who I can keep up with and talk about clothing with. Pm me if you see this and are looking for a fashion friend. I’m located in Philly if anyone wants it to me a irl thing, but it doesn’t have to be. It would be cool to be a duo that goes around in their sick fits.	episode_done:True
text:Floridians and Texans finally catch a break!	labels:HEY YOU NORTHERNERS DON’T YOU KNOW A T SHIRT AND SHORTS IS TOO HOT FOR MY SPECIFIC CLIMATE	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 02	labels:i feel like my interest in fashion has been cyclical throughout my life, where i'll care about clothes for months, if not years, and then have to drop it for a while  anyway life is pretty tough atm so i think i'm dropping fashion / reddit for a bit. see you guys on the other side!
text:What's your fashion miracle?	labels:I used to wear small diamond earrings every day, and would put them in my wallet when I went to the gym after work. I got to work the next day and realized I forgot to put them back in after the gym, so I opened up my wallet and they were gone. I had made my usual morning stop for breakfast on the way to work, so I rushed to the food cart and looked all over the sidewalk but I couldn’t find them.  At least 1-2 weeks later I went to the same food cart for breakfast, looked down, and saw one diamond earring in the crack in the sidewalk. I looked more closely and there was the other one! The metal was chewed up (they were bezel set) so I had to get them repaired, but it was a lot cheaper than a new pair!   Definitely my #1 fashion (jewelry?) miracle.
text:Anyone here has the habit of needing to buy a new clothing/set of clothings when attending an occasion/going somewhere?	labels:Yeah its especially an issue with weddings because I don't want to be wearing the same dress in pictures from each. In the future I might look into renting dresses for that reason.	episode_done:True
text:Someone stole my friend’s $20 out of her Limited Too clear backpack in sixth grade. Like duh of course they did.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Just singing the praises of wool	labels:Linen! I live in a warm environment and i’m finally diving into linen, and cotton linen blends. They are so nice. I may make some of my own linen shirts.	episode_done:True
text:What are "iconic" items that you should know about, and their basic history? What items can singularly be identified as "starting a trend"?	labels:Rayban aviators Patagonia baggies Rolex submariner Barbour beaufort / bedale Stan smith Dr Martens 1460/1461 Levis denim jacket Levis 501 Lululemon abc pants Canada goose langford Filson canvass bags	episode_done:True
text:Winston & Co. Shawl Collar Cardigan Review (But mostly preamble)	labels:This is good stuff. I think the important takeaway is that there are really not likely going to be shortcuts here - you are likely going to find scratchiness at lower price points, and moving up the pricing ladder, you may find that the ply numbers align with price = wool sweaters whose weight is in pounds not ounces are going to cost $XXX not $XX.  Also, if you do value horn versus leather buttons, you are further slicing your options - there is a strong correlation with Scottish knits with "tradition", and that means the default tends to be leather buttons. In fact, years ago I was at NMWA when a S&C order came in... with leather buttons. I think that meant they had to ship back a few cubic yards worth of cardigans
text:Yes, it was sold to Neiman Marcus and in the end was sold to Tapestry which also owns Coach	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Do you feel the black Friday sales better or worse than usually this year? Is it worth to buy clothing you won't wear until next year?	labels:Re: buying stuff you won't wear for months, NO! I also keep almost falling for that trap. They keep pushing the date I'll return to the office, and who knows what the office is even going to be like after a year of everyone wearing sweatpants every day. Even though I'm definitely going to need work pants after all this (thanks covid 15) I'm determined to not buy them until I'll actually need them.	episode_done:True
text:Still waiting for someone to spinoff to form MANLYfashionadvice.	labels:/r/theveneration	episode_done:True
text:this is your first warning. your next infraction will result in a sentence of 1 month of hard labor in ....DAILY QUESTIONS. And we'll be sure to invite r/gaming that month to ask all of their game-related fashion questions and give you the flair 'Game Fashion Expert'. We may even get some cape enthusiasts.   watch it buddy	labels:time it with a new game release for maximum "how can I dress like X character" energy
text:Alternative to bras?	labels:I exclusively wear Calvin Klein cotton bralettes! The skinny strap ones.	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge: Your Favorite Boots!	labels:The Theme WAYWT threads are always 1am in my timezone but for this coming’s one I might actually just be able to wait for it lol. Excited to see everyone’s boots fitpics	episode_done:True
text:My stupid ass went and googled 'cool girls on the street' thinking it was a fashion blog or Instagram account or something 😑	labels:I almost did the same until I seen your comment 😂	episode_done:True
text:Adapting to age/workplace appropriate attire while staying true to yourself [discussion]	labels:There is nothing wrong with having 2 or more sets of clothes (work and not-work). I have to wear outdoor clothing for my "big girl job" - think wellies and raincoat or full on hiking gear - and a lot of jobs require a uniform. I also play a sport so i have kit for that. And I have a set of smarter clothes for the odd time I need them (weddings, funerals and interviews!) It's not unsustainable. You dont have to go minimalist or what you think is sophisticated if you don't want to.   As for age appropriate? When I was mid 20's I gave up (most) things that are for children and looked it because I felt I looked silly in them (I'm early 30s) but that was about it for age appropriateness. Other stuff I stopped wearing because my body and/or style changed rather than just ageing. Even the kiddie stuff, i dont think its necessarily silly/ageing on everyone. Some people really go all out on it and OTT and make it a look, and good for them. I did have a sudden panic late 20s that I needed to dress more adult, and wasted some money on things I never wore. But most of the pressure was coming from me and from magazine features. My friends, colleagues and partner DGAF.	episode_done:True
text:[Review] TATRAS OFFICIAL BORGOGNONE DOWN JACKET, down for the city	labels:Enjoyed the review, keep it up	episode_done:True
text:Stay In-Vested	labels:Some of these fits are great but honestly, as someone living in NYC, the amount of Patagonia vest-wearing finance bros has forever ruined them for me. Actually that’s not true, I grew up in Alabama and the fact that most redneck trumpers in the south wear them is what actually ruined them for me. The finance bros are just reinforcement. I hope you all can take the vest back from the right wing homophobes, but I don’t see it happening.	episode_done:True
text:Men's Health invited me for an interview after my post here	labels:While a lot of people are seeing a dude in a dress, I'm eyeing those sandals with it and thinking "badass Roman Centurion".	episode_done:True
text:I was feeling bored for a while, then I just started dressing a little more experimental and wearing it around the house to see how it felt. Kinda brought some of the fun back and I started a notebook of unexpected combinations that I ended up liking which made me look forward to post-COVID when I can show it off. Plus if it's a dud the only witness is my kitten and I'm not concerned about his opinion since he wears the exact same thing everyday.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How to Make a Savile Row Suit: A Short Documentary from the Museum of Modern Art	labels:Where is part 3? It feels quite hollow without seeing the end result...	episode_done:True
text:It’s not, that’s my point. I think most places of employment should try to stay open right now if they can manage it in a reasonable way that doesn’t put people at risk.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:My mother has an overlock, I tried once and it is not easy, but I am going to persevere. I am having hard time finding some fabrics, though. Is it only possible to find jersey? I wanted to buy fabric to sew sweatpants and hoodies (I know it sounds weird). Do you think it is possible?	labels:Joanne fabrics has an extensive selection online
text:Elk IV Parka from Wuxly Movement	labels:Jacket looks nice...... EXCEPT for that logo on the left shoulder that looks like boobs	episode_done:True
text:Why Did Bottega Veneta Delete Its Social Media Accounts?	labels:I suspect this is a marketing ploy of some description - and it has certainly worked as I have seen this covered in multiple venues. It does start/re-start the conversation about the use and value of social media for brands.   As the owner of a small brand, our results over the last few years have been mixed. We haven’t committed a lot of resources to the various social channels but I’ve found they take up a disproportionate amount of time with frequently unmeasurable results. It’s easy to see these channels as ‘free marketing’ but they are anything but. It’s good to see bigger brands look more carefully at their returns here as the costs of doing things on social media has gone up considerably. And don’t start me on ‘influencers’!
text:I think it's just all black in an uninteresting silhouette.	labels:Sounds close, I'd imagine concise tailoring in grayscale, taking lots of inspiration from origami and basic geometry shapes.  And bold-framed black glasses.	episode_done:True
text:How have you been doing your shopping since Covid?	labels:I normally buy almost everything thrift. However,  even though the lockdowns have lifted, thrift  stores are keeping the change rooms closed. I won't buy anything used if I can't try it on.   I was on a no buy kick but now that more witchy librarian looks (dark academia) are showing up in stores, I've been on a little spending spree online, to stock up before it goes off trend again.
text:I don’t think it’s mom jeans but straight legged jeans that are currently popular	labels:I just wish they would come without exposed ankles.	episode_done:True
text:Revisiting Tim Gunn's List of 10 Style Must-haves	labels:To me, this is “wardrobe staples if you have a traditional office job with a business dress code” tbh. I do, so I own a version of most of these, but that kind of work environment is less and less common, and I think a lot of women no longer have much use for blazers, trench coats, dress pants, etc.
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Your Favorite Boots!	labels:What a fun theme!	episode_done:True
text:4SDesigns FW21	labels:Favorites are the sheepskin(?) stuff in 19/20 and whatever the jacket is in 27. It's interesting and a little confusing in a good way. Don't see myself picking any of it up but can't wait to see it around - any LA stockists?	episode_done:True
text:What a !	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do you feel the Pandemic is affecting your style? (Or, “I am a butterfly in a chrysalis”)	labels:Doesn't at all.  Little Old Lady here, wearing exactly the same kind of clothes, and in some cases the same items, as worn in final job which I retired from five years ago.  Pandemic doesn't affect going for walks, I never had a social life and have no family!
text:How do men's outerwear differ from women's? I found a really good deal on a 100% wool coat, but in men's...	labels:I know men's shirts button up the opposite side to woman's and I expect the coats would be the same too.	episode_done:True
text:I am considering one or two of these for my heavier jackets. The alternative is that I throw them in the trunk of my car as it is getting towed to Michigan.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone invest in real jewelry?	labels:I didn’t really start buying fine jewelry until my mid thirties and even then I don’t buy too much of it because it can get pretty expensive and while I love jewelry, I don’t have justification for buying it most of the time. 😬😅 I think the only real fine jewelry I bought for myself was some diamond stud earrings and engraved gold rings. Most of the fine jewelry I own is actually passed down or gifted to me. All my eclectic pieces I own are more along the lines of fashion/costume jewelry and purchases by myself for casual wear.  As for vendors I like, here are a few names I follow: Ochre Objects, Vrai, Caysie van Bebber (really expensive and I don’t own anything from her; I just like looking at her work, haha), Liesel Love, Aurora Designs, and Social Value (this one is great for affordable diamond jewelry).  For nice, eclectic pieces, I like Local Eclectic.  For old estate pieces, I follow ChelseagirlNYC, Zacharysjewelry, and Ivy & Rose.  Lastly I do like to look at Blue Nile. Sometimes they have good deals!
text:Hot Southern Gothic Summer / Inspo album / Because we needed another for 2021!	labels:I love this thank you!	episode_done:True
text:Winter jackets that are good for skiing and casual use?	labels:Dont go crazy on a jacket.  The key for skiing is layers and you can get a lot of layers that work well in other settings.   A decent base layer:  you can go merino or if you are on a budget milsurp poly pro.  A fleece over that.  Next layer is a beefier jacket.  Right now I have a half zip Patagonia that is poly insulated.  Then get a waterproof(ish) layer.  You have a lot of options but I usually run with a marmot precip.  It's cheap, has pit zips and folds up way smaller than a hard shell. That combo will cover you skiing 90%of the time and let you adjust depending o N conditions. Flexibility is the key.  Take the money you save and get some good socks and gloves/mittens and some type of balaclava.  No one ever came off of the mountain because their chest was cold but it was their hands/feet/face.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 07, 2021	labels:I'm in a ambivalent state of mind right now. For a like over a year now I have been into streetwear. Baggy, oversized clothes with lots of prints and branding. This was my first period of taking clothing serious and feeling "fashionable". But one can only see so many of the "same" outfits.  I grew really tired of streetwear in the last couple of weeks but I'm scared to leave my comfort zone. I'm 20 years old but feel like dressing like a teenager. I really really like graphic tees if the prints are well done and If I would imagine dressing like lets say Tim Dessaint for example, who is not into graphics/"crazyness" at all, It would feel too "mature" for my age if that makes sense.  But at the very same time, I feel like im dressing too childish when wearing cargo pants + graphic tee.  Am I overthinking this?
text:What is your ideal first date outfit?	labels:On my first date with my now-husband, I wore a polka-dot shirtdress with simple flats. I wanted to look nice, without being overdressed. He still talks about that dress and can describe it in detail.  It’s not about what you wear. Men don’t care about that. But DO always wear something you feel great about yourself in! I’d say business casual is a good baseline for a first date.	episode_done:True
text:What to do when nothing fits you properly?	labels:Clothing doesn’t fit most people off the rack.  Each brand has a fit model and proportions in mind that likely do not match you.  Clothes should fit you. You shouldn’t need to mold yourself to fit them. So with that in mind - find ways and places to get the fit adjusted to suit you.   1. The way if fits off the rack isn’t the end all of the fit journey - tailoring is your friend. Many things can be adjusted to fit you and your proportions  2. Figure out what you want to accentuate and deaccentuate.  This will guide you on to shapes to start with as a base.  3. Some brands will be a lot closer to fitting you than others.  And one brand that works for pants might be terrible for shirts and vice versa. Trial and error is important.  4. Find a body twin to get inspiration from.	episode_done:True
text:Describe your style in five words	labels:These fit me in college.	episode_done:True
text:What did people *actually* wear in 2000's?	labels:From 2001-2005, clothing I wore as a high schooler/college kid: low rise bootcut jeans, fitted graphic tshirts, fitted polo shirts, fitted shirts in general (shirts were so tight- maybe that’s why we layered??), always layering shirts- and shirts were super long and over your hips, but tight- never tucking them in, cutoff denim skirts, cotton shorts (like soffees) with words on the butt, necklace with my first initial on it, platform flip flops, dresses with Hawaiian prints (like flowers or surfers etc), hoop earrings, fitted hoodies. That’s what I can remember.
text:Who else has sensory issues that has figured out ways to not dress boring?	labels:I have SPD (sensory processing disorder) and I have some serious issues. If it’s itchy, stiff, makes swishy noises as I walk, weirdly textured, I won’t wear it. For sweaters I stick with cotton only or if it’s a blend, it better be silky smooth. No wool, alpaca, cashmere or acrylic.   For tops I stick to cotton, silk or flannel. Madewell, LL Bean and Jcrew make tops that I can wear comfortably.   I wear modal long underwear in the winter if I will be cold. I also wear modal pajamas because it’s soft and washes well.   I don’t have a ton of issues with pants. I can’t do paper bag or flares as it’s swishy. And I can’t do super high rise (10in or higher) because it pushes on my stomach and I can’t handle that lol.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 01, 2021	labels:Hey! Are men supposed to buy pea coats that are really tight to button up? All pics show them wearing an open coat (without it buttoned up) so I just wonder to buy a size smaller for they “fitted” look.   Thanks!
text:Discussion: LGBTQIA+ Signaling, Presentation, and Commodification in Fashion	labels:I am a bi woman. And while I know it doesn’t hold true for most wlw, I am definitely the ‘femme’ one in the relationship. (Or I would be, if I wasn’t single.) So for me, I would feel the need to dress in a more feminine way. Not saying I would go all 50’s housewives in heels, but even if I wear jeans or dark colours, I would incorporate things like hair ribbons, makeup or even mannerisms to look more ‘feminine’ I guess.   I am aware that I am contributing to the idea that ‘someone in a wlw relationship must wear the pants and the other the skirt’, and I do feel a bit bad for that sometimes. But where I live, the most common wlw relationships (not that you see much of them because Asia), consist of a butch and a femme. I suppose this plays a hand in it.	episode_done:True
text:Regular people have mental illness.  Rich people have *glamorous* mental illness	labels:Exactly. Regular people are hoarders. Rich people are ✨eccentric
text:Favorite brands for cocktail dresses?	labels:French Connection has some modern fun ones.	episode_done:True
text:What are you looking for from a pair of selvedge jeans? They're typically not that skinny because they're either made with non-stretch cotton which would make them difficult to put on, or you're meant to cuff them for a more straight/wider look.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:That's a great way to look at it! It's very convenient	labels:	episode_done:True
text:peace out	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do you care for your expensive/fragile pieces?	labels:Mesh wash bags and I turn my clothing inside out before washing on cold water. It helps with keeping its shape and color too.  Understand the care labels. Some articles of clothing can’t be put in a dryer and have to lay flat to dry.
text:Watch Planes Trains and Automobiles at home and have a cute lil dinner to yourself :) Stay safe homie	labels:	episode_done:True
text:FAQ: What are the different use cases of boat shoes, moccasins, driving shoes, and loafers?	labels:Been wearing driving loafers for about 10yrs. I'm 40, and a car enthusiast since my kindergarten days. I initially found some Puma driving shoes to wear. These were great, because I wear a 16 and the tighter cut of the shoe helped me just do things normally. Good feel for my pedal modulation too.  I needed something more professional for business casual dress at work however, and driving loafers were perfect. Steve Madden & Kenneth Cole got me started, and I've had some Cole Haan & Rockport as well. Different price points, but they've all been great.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 24	labels:That Nic Cage article is making me realize that if I ever see another cafe racer again I'm going to scream.	episode_done:True
text:This is a good idea I think! I'd just be a bit self-conscious in hotter weather because not a lot of people wear suspenders where I'm from.	labels:You can get suspenders that are just carabiners are the end that hook into your belt loops. They’re like 10 bucks on amazon.
text:Rick Owens Fall 2021 Menswear Collection	labels:Why is someone cosplaying a Satyr wearing a diaper?	episode_done:True
text:Having a Tough Time Finding Retailers for My Style	labels:For trousers/ pants I'd go with 2-pleat or ghurka trousers, both are high-waisted and look similar to what are featured in your general fashion board, actually I can see there are definitely Ghurka trousers in there. Same with Herringbone wool vests. Just by learning the names of the garments you'll have an easier time finding good brands.   The flecked suit you linked with the filson looking bag looks like Our Legacy's Midnight Sheep Jacket/Trousers from 2012. Good luck finding the exact thing, if you want to try grailed, Marrkt or ebay depending on where you live. Otherwise just include search times like "flecked" or "nep".  A lot of the clothing in the general fashion board looks to me like vintage workwear. I don't know what your budget is like but if you want to put a lot of money into it then brands like Belafonte, RRL and Pherrows might be quite good.   For the avant garde "Unique" stuff you have going on, try Rick Owens, Damir Doma, Julius, Number (N)ine, ann demeulemeester, and spend enough time in that circle and you'll figure out what you like
text:Does anyone else use a “formula” to create their outfits?	labels:When I was younger and experimenting with fashion and style, anything goes. Some days I hit bingo and come out looking fab, and other days I walk around knowing that I was a fashion disaster (incomplete outfits, too much going on,  non-cohesive outfits).  You know what? Everything is fine and the world keeps spinning.  I’ve since accumulated enough experience styling myself that those fashion disaster days are less and less. I just learned how to dress myself to my own satisfaction, efficiently. And this requires experience, experimentation, and learning.. from my good outfit days and my bad outfit days.  There really aren’t rules to fashion; what is a faux pas on someone, might be something you can pull off. It all depends on your style, personality, context.. so many factors.  I think this is how I would like to answer your question: what is the goal of a formula even? Where is this fear of failing an outfit coming from? Nobody really cares if your outfit is one necklace and a watch away from complete, or if you’re wearing one too many colors.  There are good and bad outfits, (or should I say outfits you like and outfits you don’t like), but it doesn’t mean the latter has no or negative value in your fashion journey. Don’t be afraid of making fashion mistakes! Cos unlike most mistakes in life, there aren’t really big consequences to it, and frankly nobody cares.	episode_done:True
text:Jil Sander, the Queen of Minimalism, Is Restarting Her Collaboration With Uniqlo - +J Redux	labels:I had a trench coat from that collection and lost it on a business trip. Glad to see it coming back. I would still wear all those pieces today.	episode_done:True
text:Leather production is really terrible for the environment too, but since it lasts a looot longer and afaik is waaay more degradable, it's still by far the more environmentally friendly choice unless you purchase a whole lot of it.	labels:Tangentially related, but a lot of leather also comes from cows from the meat industry, so it’s also good that the entire animal is being used instead of raising a cow just for its hide.
text:Future of fibers?	labels:Personally I don’t find it very difficult or expensive to shop for clothing made with natural fibers — if anything it’s gotten even easier to do so with online shopping and websites showing fiber content right in the product description. I don’t have to seek out brands that specialize in natural materials either — my clothing is mostly from Madewell, which doesn’t really market itself as being all that environmentally conscious or sustainable, and is definitely not a high end brand, but they have tons of options for clothing made of cotton, silk, etc.   I will say it’s gotten harder to find sweaters made of 100% wool over the years, however. I have several wool sweaters from mall brands that I bought just a few years ago. I gained some weight since then and have been looking for replacements from the same exact brands and it seems like they don’t even bother with 100% wool anymore, all of their sweaters are now made with acrylic, nylon, polyester, etc. That’s the only natural fiber that I feel has all but disappeared from the mainstream for some reason.   I will also add that I don’t think man made fibers are necessarily “cheap”, either. We’ve come a long way from man made materials of the 80s and 90s. When I think of man made fibers of today, I think of technical clothing and gear such as outdoor or sportswear. Patagonia for example is the poster child for environmentally friendly brands, but most of their clothing is made from man made materials, and their products are far from cheap. Partly because it performs better for its purpose, and partly because it’s supposed last a lifetime.  Which leads me to my last thought — IMO man made materials aren’t necessarily bad for the environment. It’s really our habits that are bad, and the industries that cater to these habits. If we all bought a few items of clothing that were all man made and lasted our lifetime, that is arguably *more* environmentally friendly than if we were constantly buying and throwing away natural fibered clothing.
text:How A Trouser Should Fit – The Armoury	labels:Mark Cho is so goddamn charming, I feel like I'd love to grab a beer with him and have him school me about how every article of clothing I own is wrong. I'd leave happy	episode_done:True
text:World's Fashion Brands Leave Workers & Factories Unpaid, Amid COVID-19.	labels:Does anybody have a list of brands doing this?   E:I guess I could just look at where the clothing is made inside, on the tag and just say no but then that sucks for the producers who are getting paid
text:Yes!    Pre COVID, I modified my shopping to focus on stuff that I can wear to my casual office (even if it’s on the dressy side), and I wore that shit all the time.   Now I wear a bunch of super casual/slob clothes bc I’m trying to keep cool/warm while minimally running the A/C or heater.  My graphic tee collection hasn’t seen so much action in years, hah.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I made a Hoodie spreadsheet to help you with sizing	labels:You have some great options, so I won’t persuade you one way or the other, but wanted to let you know that you can convert gsm to oz. just google “fabric gsm to oz converter”.   They’re all good sweatshirts, just look closely at the details and see what you prefer. More of a vintage style with longer rib cuffs and hem, more modern with shorter cuffs, draw cords or not, kangaroo pocket shape, ribbing at the side.  Can’t go wrong with your picks, very good list.	episode_done:True
text:This... works	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I've owned bags in various price ranges. I've found that more expensive ones, up to a point, tend to be more durable. Vachetta leather bags are very forgiving, and mine looks great after years of wearing it daily. Every time I buy a bag with that rubbery stuff around the edges (like handles) it peels off, but I have a nicer bag constructed without the edging material and it also tends to hold up better.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:My mom is easily the best dressed person I know and I was still teased mercilessly in middle school. Kids are gonna be little shits no matter what!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Do you think fashion or style has age restrictions?	labels:I'm mid-30s and I still wear that stuff on weekends! There is definitely stuff I avoid, but honestly, reflecting on it right now, that might be more my personal style at play than my age. I avoid anything too tight or clubby, and I  tend to go for block heels or pumps over stilettos or platforms. There was a whole going-out-top-nice-jeans trend in the 2000s that makes me avoid anything satin- or lace-based. But I think that Vans/Converse or crop tops/high-waisted jeans are definitely still in play if you're 30. And if that changes soon, I'd guess it's because the trends change rather than what is appropriate age-wise!
text:General Discussion - October 20	labels:Just woke up, why does a shoes w/o socks thread have 300 comments?
text:What is one item that you own too much of?	labels:Any girl who's ever dated me: Men's hoodies.	episode_done:True
text:Best of Malefashionadvice 2020- Awards thread!	labels:lol I made that meme in 2018
text:Advice needed: How to keep up with trends without social media?	labels:Your best bet is going old school and following blogs. Set up an RSS feed, find people you like, and follow fashion that way.   But this is also a good time for you to explore YOUR personal style, without the influence of... uh... influencers. Obviously some of the fun of fashion is finding out what the trends are as dictated by other people, but with a little freedom from those, you might create silhouettes and combinations that are far more interesting to you personally than whatever's popping off on IG this week.  You can also do what I do and set up an IG that's just for this kind of thing. I don't follow anyone I know, I don't post anything on there. It's just for me to keep up with fashion, some bands I like, and a few owls managed to sneak their way in there. If you set up something like that, you can set aside an hour on the weekend and get caught up on fashion stuff without even installing the app on your phone. A lot of influencers are on YouTube too, so if you'd prefer to stay away from IG altogether, you can just look for their YouTube pages and watch their content on the weekend.
text:We all appreciate your dedication to getting us our new threads. Our significant others probably do not.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How does a warm weather wardrobe differ from a cold weather wardrobe?	labels:New Orleans is super humid all summer. Dresses, shorts, and athletic/moisture wicking fabrics will be your best friend.   You’ll be able to get by with one coat that you may never wear. I have pictures of me at Mardi Gras (in February) in short sleeves and jeans, perfectly comfortable.   Light cardigans for going inside are a great idea for southern summers. They have to blast the AC just to control the humidity.   It’s also important to consider what that humidity will do for your hair!
text:Hope you make it through! Funerals are never easy and can really bring out sides of people you never expect. Wishing you the best!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I want to eliminate the need for dry cleaning my work wardrobe. Sadly, anything nice seems incompatible with machine wash. What long lasting, work pieces have been easiest for you to maintain?	labels:I WFH permanently now, but when I worked in an office I wasn't able to escape dry-clean-only clothing; there are some things that just need to be dry cleaned. However, I used Dryel to great effect (awesome for things that aren't stained or stinky and don't really need to be pressed). I will also say, many many clothing items that say "dry clean only" can be washed either by hand, or in the machine on a delicate setting with wool wash or other gentle low-suds detergent. (My dry cleaner, of all people, actually advised me to start washing my cashmere sweaters rather than bringing them in for cleaning - she said dry cleaning dries out and breaks down the fibers and washing them at home would help them last longer. I am still wearing my cashmere sweaters and so far, she's been correct.) If something is very structured or has an acetate lining I never try to wash it, but I have washed other things that were poly blends or wool blends and were marked "dry clean only," and as long as you hang them up to dry, it works fine.
text:This 100%. I packed so many cozy apres outfits when I last went skiiing and then never at any point wanted to get into real clothes after shower. So my real apres style was just the leggings I wore skiing with technical underlayers and a big unzipped ski parka.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:haha I feel you on that. mostly just sticking to food/essentials these days. but bookmarking everything because I believe that things will get better and then I will have a rocking wardrobe.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Buy Sell Thread - January 04, 2021	labels:Would anyone be interested in a size 7.5 Chuck 70 high tops in Black? Wore them about 5 times but they just weren’t comfortable for me.	episode_done:True
text:Not sure if anyone mentioned her, but Alyssa Beltempo does a lot of videos of how to shop your closet to achieve different styles and get your desired feel without having to buy too many things. She is on the smaller side size-wise, but features a lot of diverse people for her outfit inspo.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:~~Can't wait to have you back on here and see wide shorts with an abstract and weirdly crusty splatter print combined with a vintage loopwheel Disney t-shirt on Top Of WAYWT~~  Oh you were a "cop, freeze"?        Name all the dogs you shot while  raiding an apartment then.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Absolutely and thanks for the heads up. In my mind, it is two basic factors...devotion to principle and attention to detail.      The first is that when Japanese people choose a job or a hobby or something similar, they really make it the central focus on their lives. They tend to work way harder, spend way more time talking and thinking about it, and work much longer hours. If you have a magazine, not only the founder and main editors, but every little guy down to the smallest job will really devote themselves to that job, prioritizing it over their free time and identifying the purpose of their lives as to make that magazine the best it can be. Japanese people don't sit at work thinking about what they will do when they get off, they sit at home thinking about what they will do when they get to work.    Second, Japanese people tend to be VERY detail-oriented (read, anal-retentive). And they will have meeting after meeting or spend hour after hour on the tiniest detail. And maybe it's not anything that anybody would ever notice, but together it really forms the bigger picture. Just as an example, I am a shoe guy and a few weeks ago I tied my laces in something called the "berluti knot" to try something new. 10+ people the very first day at my company must have noticed it and asked questions about what it was, why I was using it, how to tie it, etc.    I could write more, believe me. And obviously these are generalizations and there are lazy, directionless Japanese people and those from other countries with these qualities as well. But speaking as an overall trend, this is why we see the uniqueness and quality of certain Japanese things.	labels:Love the shoe knot anecdote. That is attention to detail and bet made your day providing "tutorials" on how to tie that knot :)
text:Guys who lost a lot of weight, how did you change your style?	labels:First off congrats on not moping around and leveraging 2020 in a positive way.  Your style will keep evolving but a few suggestions from having made this journey.  1.  Get your workwear wired.  Not sure of your dress code but if you are biz cas go basic bastard and pick up some cheap j crew type of stuff.  Not to much but enjoy some 484s, you've earned it.  This will tide you over professionally.   2.  Start exploring. The best way to do this is look a lot of places for inspo but keep your lens wide.  It's a wide world out there.  3.  Start picking up a few pieces here or there.  Vintage and thrifting are your friends.  Try different things.  Some will stick, some won't.  But by getting it cheap you can experiment at a discount.  4.  Think about how you can accessorize and leverage what you have.  Simple things can raise your level (but don't do them all at once).  Throw on a cardi or blazer over your biz cas.  Buy a pocket square or two.  Switch the laces in your shoes.  Have fun and congrats.	episode_done:True
text:How much of your income do you spend on average in clothes every month?	labels:About 5%! Monthly	episode_done:True
text:I love hearing about the business / industry side of these trends as well - even though yes this absolutely spotlights the sadness behind it.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do you decide what clothes you “need”?	labels:Have you done a styling session with your current wardrobe to put together looks? If so, how did that go? It sounds like there is a chance you could/may need to work in your closet a little to put together outfits if you have not already. This is also a great exercise to identify what you really have to work with, and what you need. That'll help you round out what's missing and make your wardrobe more workable.	episode_done:True
text:Women with ADHD & Sensory Processing Disorder: I need Clothing recs!	labels:I was just thinking about this the other day because i feel like I have cracked the code! Maybe I'll do a whole post sometime. I'm also in the cusp/extended sizing realm of things.  Caveat - i only buy second hand, generally from ThredUp.   Favorite brands:  J.Jill and PureJill. I hear they have good sales if you prefer to buy new. Most items dont have tags at all, a LOT of 100% cotton items, and things are soft and loose in the best way. Partly because all sizes run half to a full size large.    Max Studio runs smaller, but they also have some extremely soft fabrics, and they have really good options for those tight skirts that you can wear with leggings and loose tops.    Eddie Bauer runs fairly large, very few synthetic blends, easy to find super duper cheap second hand.    More generally, I look at fabric content. Usually with my trusted brands and ALWAYS with anywhere new.  I find that the closer I get to 100% cotton or cashmere for things that Im wearing next to my skin (tops and dresses and sleep clothes) the more I go to that item over the long term.    I also like Aerie for underwear and leggings. A lot of seamless options and breathable fabrics.    And finally - sending so much love to my sensory sensitive ladies! I'm really glad this got posted and has had so much engagement.	episode_done:True
text:Green Queens: An Inspo Album	labels:Omg what a pleasant surprise to see Baddie Winkle in here, I love her!	episode_done:True
text:Jeans: Recommendations and Reviews	labels:I think I need to go to bed. I just read the title as Jesus: Recommendations and Reviews. Sorry fellow fashion lover, I have no messiah tips for you tonight. 😂
text:Does anyone invest in real jewelry?	labels:I'm Indian and gold jewelry is huge for us, so I have a lot of it that I've gotten over the years from family. When I got married everyone gifted a few pieces too.   I can't speak my native tongue fluently and I don't feel comfortable shopping in India, so online Indian jewelers have been a godsend. The styles aren't as trendy as the stuff you find in American stores but there are a lot of simple, everyday styles if you are willing to sort through the inventory. They ship directly from India (so longer shipping time) and are cheaper because Indians do gold pricing by weight and not design.  I used to not buy gold for myself because it always felt so frivolous...but a while ago I saw a comment on this sub by a woman who said she bought nice jewelry to celebrate life events/achievements and idk why, but it really stuck with me so I've started doing the same.
text:Oooh care to share any reccs for online Indian jewelers?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Discussion: LGBTQIA+ Signaling, Presentation, and Commodification in Fashion	labels:These are the two questions that interest me most, so:   *What does queer fashion mean to you?*    Queer fashion is whatever a person who identifies as Queer identifies as their way of approaching clothes/self expression.  I'm reminded of a Hannah Gadsby quote, where she talks about someone complaining there wasn't enough "lesbian content" in her comedy, to which her reply was "I was on the stage the whole time."  I feel like defining something as "Queer" can be a little...exclusionary, especially when it's used to exclude others. "Oh, you don't dress "gay". Well, ok.  *Bonus question for LGBTQIA+ folks - do you feel pressure to present a certain way based on wanting to signal to others or what the media has stereotyped a certain group to present like?*    Yes, but usually by other LGBTQIA+ folks. The rise of social media has been great because a lot of people feel more comfortable expressing their identities...but it seems like there's this assumed homogenity which has got even stronger (I'm not even that old, but predate social media by a good few years).  I am all for expressing identity! I love that LGBTQIA+ people feel they can do that!    But " are you ever gay if..." shit makes me tired.  Media has stereotyped us enough. Let's not do it to myself. Caveat: I could just be salty that I look bad in cuffed jeans :P	episode_done:True
text:Do you name your favorite outfits?	labels:I told my friend her style was "90s apprentice witch" once, and now she uses it as a shopping guide to make sure she is purchasing items of clothing that match her overall aesthetic. I love imagining her looking at an item and thinking "would a 90's apprentice witch wear this?" :P  But I've never thought about naming my go-to outfits! I'll have ti give it a try!	episode_done:True
text:"Which Sports Jacket Office Are You?" – Permanent Style	labels:God that tweed is fucking gorgeous	episode_done:True
text:I was hoping to see someone mentioned her. She is such a vibe	labels:	episode_done:True
text:replace patagonia with falcon garments (or any brand that sells leather jackets) and yeah (presumably shoes aren't part of this)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 14, 2021	labels:I’ve been having some trouble lately trying to update my wardrobe. I am no fashionista but I know what looks bad and want to avoid it, hence coming to MFA maybe 6 years ago and developing a pretty solid BB wardrobe.   I’m trying to broaden my horizons now and get a more mature style, however I’m finding a slight mental stumbling block because looks now are the polar opposite of what was cool when I was 18.   Wearing doc martens with shorter cropped, loose fitting jeans and showing your socks would have been social suicide a decade ago when I came of age (skinny everything, trainers with everything). I like the look but I feel uncomfortable when I wear it - any advice on getting past this? My head knows it looks better than wearing them with my skinny jeans but my heart says “you will get bullied at school (work)”  TL;DR bought some docs, like them, but how do I stop feeling like a dork?
text:Closet Organization By Color	labels:Personally, I do this, but only within seasonal categories. As for dresses and jumpsuits, they're divided into cotton / linen and wool, but tops only are divided in "autumn / winter", "spring" and "summer" (I've had it "two" seasons before and didn't work). Longsleeves are "spring" while short sleeves are "summer", then there's the chambrays and flannels which are "autumn" and knits are somewhere else altogether.	episode_done:True
text:The other day I had to go run an errand and it was a little too chilly to wear my house clothes out. So I put on jeans and a long sleeve shirt and for the first time in a long time I felt like a goddamn person. Some days during this pandemic I have been playing dressup for fun, but it's not the same as going out. I can't wait to go out and dress up again.  A couple times during this pandemic, I fell into this habit of buying clothes and accessories to wear "when things get back to normal". I think it helps me better picture things going back to normal, and I look forward to wearing the new stuff. I mean, if life is just gonna be like this forever, why do I own this cute new backpack, or this tea dress with petticoat?! CHECKMATE, UNIVERSE	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What “statement pieces” are you looking forward to wearing this fall?	labels:This isn't really on topic but I would die to have one of my wolf-howling-at-the-moon tees back (in my current size lol) that I had in second grade!	episode_done:True
text:Male fashion icons	labels:David Bowie !	episode_done:True
text:Slowly.  Take time, measure stuff, try stuff out, give your wardrobe internal feedback.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Review - The Custom Russian Automatic Dive Watch (for less than 100 Dollars)	labels:So funny seeing them being praised as quirky and cool on Reddit. Here in Russia they are considered grandpa watches, it’s very weird for a young guy to wear them, especially with a bracelet.
text:My family and I (my wife and I, a 5 year old and a 2 year old) have basically been hermits since March. When things started to look better in the summer we still played it safe and listened to the advice given to us by doctors and public health. We're incredibly bitter to see the number of people who never significantly changed their routine bitching the loudest about the impending/current restrictions/lockdowns.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The best sweatpants — 11 pairs tested (full post in comments)	labels:If this experiment continues, please add Standard Issue Tees! They are slept on by r/malefashionadvice	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 10, 2021	labels:What's the purpose of a zipper going all the way around the hood? I mean, not around the neck, to separate the hood from the hoodie. I mean the zipper going around the face part, so I am able to zip up my head entirely, like in a cocoon. Any idea what is the purpose of it?	episode_done:True
text:Japanese winter fashion trend 2020/2021	labels:This. We need more of this on the sub	episode_done:True
text:What work for my boyfriends taste and body type?	labels:I would keep it simple to start and see how he feels. Buy some basic, solid color t shirts in various fits and get some well fitting jeans. Can work from there	episode_done:True
text:Casual Blazer Inspo	labels:Watched Curb your Enthusiasm recently and this is what I needed. Over 10 seasons Larry David whittled me down and made a fan of casual blazers. Will be looking out for that green Engineered Garment jacket. Thanks for taking the time to make this.	episode_done:True
text:What style rules or clothing attributes are you ruthless about?	labels:Nothing that needs to be dry cleaned except winter coats. Hate the smell, hate the bother, hate the expense.  No glitter, no metallic thread. I like it on other people, but on me it makes me feel like I’m wearing a costume. Sequins and paillettes only on formal evening wear (for me).  No dolman sleeves (for me). I don’t like how they look on my busty inverted triangle shape.
text:Black Denim Jacket Inspo Album	labels:Zac Efron casually crossing a street on a sunday morning looks hotter and more put together than a model on a photo shoot with a full team of professionals backing them up.	episode_done:True
text:Gorp/Hikingcore	labels:I've never actually seen someone wear Stone Island on a hike, but the aesthetic fits.  It's like the more colorful and less streamlined version of /r/techwearclothing	episode_done:True
text:Sage de Cret Fall/Winter 2020	labels:The fit is simply too loose & boxy.
text:What are your feelings on thrifting from “problematic” brands?	labels:The company already made money off of the original purchase of the shirt, so you buying second hand doesn’t really benefit them in any way. If you really want the item, buying it second hand is probably the most ethical choice you can make. If someone asks where the piece is from, just say you don’t know so they won’t be tempted to buy from the brand lol
text:Do you: 1) keep all of your wardrobe equally diverse, or 2) keep all of your wardrobe minimal, or 3) keep some pieces relatively similar while diversifying others?	labels:I have evolved some classics I keep- I admit I dress a bit like a children's book illustration character from the first half of the last century meets femdom faerie sex witch- so it's a lot of simple collared blouse under unornemented cashmere sweaters, black opaque tights, solid saturated colours largely in jewel tones, positively ridiculous big hair bows and then flip flop into corsets and strapy, or lacey things.    I go through periods of realizing a 34 year old wearing thigh highs with maryjanes is confusing and periods of comforting myself that the lesbian in clarks and stripey socks look makes me happy and as an elder-millenenial I am basically a generation adrift.    Probably the hardest part is realizing I don't have to buy new clothing. Like, I have enough of most things and it doesn't wear out fast enough to justify replacing it, nor does it really no longer spark joy.    I have stuff that fits from college that still has *years* of wear left. Unless I gain another 20lbs more than my natural yoyo, or suddenly take up a physical job, basically only socks, shoes and underwear will need updates from just material failure.	episode_done:True
text:You were Cinderella!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:That’s assault, brother	labels:Not the first time I’ve been spat on at this job unfortunately. Let’s see if management does anything about it this time.
text:> The writers are on an annual salary.  How... how do you think the company pays that salary?	labels:I doubt that paywalls are what keep these companies afloat.	episode_done:True
text:Hedi Slimane’s CELINE- an idealized look at 1960s rock & roll (large inspiration album)	labels:Fantastic post, and really appreciate the album which focuses on the Celine aesthetic and inspirations. It's incredibly well curated and I'd love to see more!
text:How do comfort vs. style compare in what bottoms you wear?	labels:I mostly wear jeans/pants and I find them to be very comfortable personally. I'm honestly always a little surprised that they're so uncomfortable for most people. Most of my discomfort in skirts/dresses is mental (I just don't feel like me when I wear them).   I think if you enjoy wearing skirts you should keep wearing them, nothing wrong with that. If it's a seasonal thing maybe fleece stockings or something like that will allow you to wear them in the cooler months.
text:Favorite fashion impracticalities	labels:I am all in for a ridiculous boot. I love those big chunky boots with heels with a tame outfit just coz I feel like I'm a baddie in it.	episode_done:True
text:Nope. Just you dude.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What was your "how in the name of all that is holy did this end up in a thrift store" find?	labels:It’s less about the value of the item and more about the stars aligning perfectly.  I wear a size 12-13W shoe, plus other things that make my feet really hard to fit, so I am used to buying formalwear to match the one maybe two pairs of formal shoes I own at any given time.  So when I was 17 and going to prom in 2006, my mom tried really hard to help me find shoes, any shoes, that were suitable. But we could only find casual flats or runners, and I realllly wanted to dress up nicely for the first real time in my life. So she said “you know what, let’s buy a dress and then we will just have to find a way.”  So I picked out a black and pale pink dress that just made me swoon, and I figured black heels would be easiest to find. Lol I was so young and stupid.  Anyway we searched high and low right up until the week of prom, we drove to the US from Canada and looked there and I still couldn’t find a pair of heels that fit enough to buy and I decided I’d just wear uncomfy like always and deal with it.   Then I randomly walked into a thrift store and saw on the shoe rack a pair of pink heels in the exact shade of pink on my dress, with black trim. Picked them up, size 12W. They fit like they were made for me.   Wore them until they broke three years ago.
text:Yes this! I have  worked in all kinds of office environments and my style was rocker-professional. Black skinny jeans, tailored leather jacket, motorcycle boots, hair with pink streaks, and creative tops.   I’ve even gotten away with a work place profession crop top or two.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Saint Laurent Teddy Jacket [Review]: Is it Worth it?	labels:OK so I absolutely dig the look of teddy/varsity jackets and a Saint Laurent one would be top tier. Having said that, it's one of those things I can't bring myself to wear. I wasn't varsity anything in school so wearing a piece like this feels like trying to be someone/something I'm not and never was. It is also definitely only wearable in your 20's, because after that you're going to look like the kind of guy who peaked in high school and unironically reminisces about those days. Harsh take but that's my two cents.	episode_done:True
text:If you were a villain in a movie, what would you wear?	labels:I’d dress just like everyone else. The truest horror of evil is its banality.
text:Inspo Album: Y2K Style For Anybody!	labels:I had that lunchbox. ❤️	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Pattern Mixing	labels:This is glorious and I LOVE that they didn’t adhere to the “rule” of mixed patterns needing to be the same colors. As I stand here at work in yellow polka dot pants and a multicolored striped sweater, I feel seen.	episode_done:True
text:Category is: Pants on the Runway - Inspo Album	labels:So excited for baggy pants to be in this season! I can hide/work on my quarantine weight and still look well dressed.	episode_done:True
text:I’ve definitely learned to check material content on the designer/non-house brands. Occasionally Nordstrom returns end up at the Rack outside of the normal sales cycle for the item and are a good deal. But you’re right- a lot more polyester than silk, etc for most of the items there	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Is anyone dressing up this year for Halloween?	labels:I've folded my own plague doctor mask which I wore over a regular fabric one at my school with a matching cape. I highly recomend walking around public spaces in one; it's an experience for sure	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 09, 2020	labels:MFA lurkers x Supreme worst collab of 2020  Also anyone ever juice cleansed? SO does is fairly often  and I’m joining in the next few days. 1 bottle down, 17 to go
text:My Gucci Addiction: Vanity Fair editor Buzz Bissinger's essay about spending $638k on clothes	labels:I read this years ago. It stuck in my memory because of how outrageous the whole story was.   I can't relate to any of it, except to the extent that there is something almost universal about how fashion can be the path to self expression.   It's also interesting to consider how *fashion* (not necessarily shopoholism) can be an addiction.   I wonder whether he's okay now.	episode_done:True
text:Saturday Vibe Check - February 06, 2021	labels:I just saw Obsidian (Adventure Time - Distant Lands part 2). It was good. Not many clothing vibes from it, not that I can relate to, but... It was very good.	episode_done:True
text:how often do you wash your clothes?	labels:it depends on the item of clothing? like I do laundry weekly, but I wash things separately. sheets and towels etc are washed with an unscented soap in one load, certain clothes are hand washed and line dried, some clothes are run in a cold cycle, some clothes are worn multiple times before washing. so it varies widely but laundry every 1-2 weeks makes sense for me when I’m only doing my own laundry
text:Reigning Champ Relaxed Crewneck	labels:Fit pics? I dig my core sweatshirt but curious about how RC does relaxed fit.	episode_done:True
text:What do you think about having a signature style vs. a variety of looks?	labels:Personally, my style changes daily depending on what I’m inspired by as well as how I feel physically and emotionally!  With that said, almost everything in my wardrobe are items I love and fit well or else it collects dust!	episode_done:True
text:All-time favorite cold weather pieces?	labels:For slippers, there are various version of "down booties" for cheap on Amazon or for more at REI. Don't bother getting anything else, down booties are the best things around. I use mine camping and just around the house. I will never go through life without them again.	episode_done:True
text:AE Elgin - Before & After recraft pics	labels:I think they’re cool. My personal style is much more understated, but on a more stylish dresser, I think these would look great with jeans and a blue blazer. Or just jeans. Fun pair. Not cheap though. Funny thing is, in the past, people who bought fine, very expensive dress shoes would always recraft them over and over and use them forever. We’re a much more disposable culture now. I wish I had kept an old pair of Doc Marten’s from college to recraft. Anyway: enjoy!	episode_done:True
text:What fashion FAQs would you like answered as megathreads? v2	labels:"How do I learn more about/"get into" designer fashion?"  "I want to learn how to repair and alter my own clothes, how do?"  "I'm bored with the way I dress, what are some things I can do to shake it up?"  "What are some other dope fashion communities?"  "Socks and slides: threat or menace?"
text:What inspired your passion/love for fashion?	labels:I was into fashion from the age of 11 — back then it was mostly just looking at magazines and doodling my own designs in the margins of my notebooks at school.  For me a big thing is definitely being able to highlight the things about myself I like, and — as cliche as it sounds — to express myself. I was never confident before I started dressing the way i LIKED (not the way everyone else did).  I’m a very short and petite girl and in my teens I struggled with not feeling feminine. Fashion was kind of an outlet, like roleplay! The first time I wore heels to school was transformational. I also enjoyed putting together outfits that are more ”masculine”, and juxtaposing feminine with masculine. I get kicks from matching little details, like lipstick and a purse. Fashion is just something that seems really trivial in the grand scheme of things but that actually has a bigger impact than we realize!	episode_done:True
text:How do ya'll express your culture or traditional fashion in modern clothing?	labels:I’m Vietnamese, and I’ve only recently been interested in my cultural clothing because of - well, internalized racism, which wasn’t great, LOL. But what I’ve done is save up for custom áo dài!  Traditionally, áo dài is pretty eye-catching, especially in the U.S. (where I live). I’m saving up to create tailor-made áo dài that’s more modern and something understated I could wear often: for example, switching out white silk pants for black ones, and the main dress for a crushed navy velvet. I find that modernizing cultural clothing can be a way to represent your cultural and ethnic roots without feeling strange or like an impostor, and seeing the same, familiar cuts in different prints and tones that I like fills me with a whole new type of joy.  I also follow other people who wear modernized cultural clothing. The first example that comes to mind is @asunnydisposish on Twitter, who is an artist but often posts pictures of her putfits (modernized hanbok). I have an album of Vietnamese clothing outside of áo dài (like áo nhật bình) and other designers’ takes on modern áo dài, and another album of textures, prints, and fabrics I would kill to wear.   Other ways you can incorporate this into your clothing is supporting artists and designers from whatever ethnic group/culture you belong to!  If anyone’s interested in seeing the albums, I’m more than willing to share; I just don’t know how to operate imgur yet, which seems to be the go-to for everyone here. I hope this helped! Best of luck!
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 01, 2020	labels:Looking for a workwear/Americana style shirt to replace the cheap oxford collar button down I bought for my Basic Bastard wardrobe.   Thanks!	episode_done:True
text:Tucking in shirts	labels:Start with the French tuck!  Just tuck in a little of the front of your shirt to get used to it, then work towards the tuck you want.  I’m just getting comfortable with the full tuck now.
text:WAYWT - October 26	labels:	episode_done:True
text:See you on the flip side	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Good quality and functional messenger bags	labels:If it helps, I have Filson's Dryden briefcase, which I use for work and daily commuting. It's decent quality, thick canvas. The leather used in the handles and zipper pulls is actually pretty nice. I got it in the (discontinued?) black colorway, which is definitely a bit more formal, but in my opinion, the whiskey and otter green colors are much less "exec" (though in my opinion a canvas brief is less formal than a leather one to begin with).	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 11, 2020	labels:Where should I start looking for a leather jacket? My price range is 100-300$
text:Fashion Resolutions and Goals: 2021 Edition	labels:In 2020 my goal was to by entirely second hand and I did it! Not only that, but it really helped me figure out my own personal style and WOO BOY was that an adcenture. I also got a lot better at mending and altering my clothes.  This year I'm doing a no-buy year with a caveat. I can make myself as much clothing as I want!  Now, I'm a pretty great knitter if I do say so myself, but I'm also decent at sewing. This new years resolution will hopefully let me level those sewing skills from "passable - can make cosplay outfits" to "can make and alter complex and difficult clothing." Additionally, I plan on learning to weave this year because I'd love to be able to make my own fabrics.	episode_done:True
text:Annual Capes, Cowls, and Cloaks	labels:I will go the grave insisting that capes are, in fact, fashionable; and there's not a damn thing anyone can do about it.	episode_done:True
text:Think how much faster you could run up that hill to die if you were wearing a fancy pair of dress sneakers!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Put me in the frozen 2 > gang	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Get Out The Vote Inspo Album	labels:What exactly is going on here. I can see the america theme but why would you put preppy childish gambino, acronym airforce bless hoodcoat fit, and whatever is going on in #30 in that album?
text:Shitpost Saturday: You Are What You Wear	labels:I live in Patagonia b/c as a certified Colorado Native™️ my long, rock-climber arms need to stay covered in busy, Indigenous-appropriated prints while I summit the U.S.' highest peaks with enough gear to sherpa a herd of New Englanders to the top of Everest.   Unrelated: can anyone recommend a vegan-down parka suitable for the Phish cover band concert at my local dog park brewery?  Namaste.
text:Does AGE really effect your choice of Fashion - Clothing Trends (Discussion)	labels:Honestly, I can tell you are still young (mid-20s) from the nature of the question. It depends on lifestyle much more than age. Plenty of 40 and even 50-somethings wear trendy non-conservative clothing especially in creative or tech industries, while plenty of 20-somethings dress like dads because they have more corporate jobs. But as you get older, you do shift brands a bit. For example, currently, 20-somethings might still desire streetwear brands like Supreme, Vetements, and Yeezys while those older might still be hip but shifted to Fear of God, Balenciaga, CDG or more upscale brands that still have a casual street vibe.
text:Happy holidays to you as well :)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Yeah, exactly. Like I would say the most fashionable t-shirt cut a few years ago was a v-neck with capped sleeves. Before that, a very long v-neck with longer fitted sleeves (think American Apparel). Now I would speculate that it's either a fitted cropped crew-neck or an over-sized unisex t-shirt. I'm not saying people only wear those types of ts at those times, but that's what is and was most current.     I do think that trends are changing more quickly and thus fewer people can (or bother to) keep up so wearing the exactly what's in vogue right this second is less important than it used to be.     I also think that younger people tend to prioritize being on trend more. Teens in particular are usually still growing so they need new clothes more often anyway. As you get older and spend more time around other older people, your definition of "current" changes. More formal clothing tends to be more timeless too, so once you're wearing work wear 5 days a week the definition of "current" seems to shift.	labels:>Like I would say the most fashionable t-shirt cut a few years ago was a v-neck with capped sleeves. Before that, a very long v-neck with longer fitted sleeves (think American Apparel). Now I would speculate that it's either a fitted cropped crew-neck or an over-sized unisex t-shirt.  Oh holy shit, that's such an on point observation though! I still *have* a couple of these v-neck tshirts, which I bought in the first half of the 10s mostly. But I don't really wear them anymore, since most of my basic tshirts nowadays are boxier, more unisex like tshirts with a higher neckline.    I don't think I was even aware of this trend until just now!	episode_done:True
text:Fashion Resolutions and Goals: 2021 Edition	labels:* Don't buy clothes until I hit my goal weight (post baby). I have plenty of things that currently fit and for the intermediate sizes.  * Once I hit goal weight, don't buy things that don't fit my color palette: blue, pink/mauve, burgundy, white, gray/silver. I'm always tempted by trendy colors, but then don't wear them because they don't actually look good on me.	episode_done:True
text:Ellen McArthur Circular Economy Report: by 2029 Resale is expected to be bigger than Fast Fashion	labels:Psyched to hear it. I'm a huge fan of physical and online consignment stores.   Thrift stores are great and I sometimes have the energy to dig through the esoteric offerings they have, but a well-curated consignment shop, especially an independent one is great for the community, great for sellers, great for the environment and great for me. So long as store owners are conscientious when examining the pieces they accept in-store, and are reasonable when they do the pricing, I think consignment shopping is the ideal shopping experience for me. I can find excellent condition, unique pieces from a variety of brands, at different price points - at price points far below what it would cost retail.	episode_done:True
text:Different styles of pants can have different breaks.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Share the outfits you would wear if the world was normal!	labels:I just wanna wear a ballgown. Idc where!!	episode_done:True
text:Psychological & personal reasons for impulse buying	labels:Thanks for sharing! This explains my behavior hahaha oh well I can’t use Pandemic as an excuse because I’m an impulsive buyer Eversince lol	episode_done:True
text:Maybe I will! I just don’t want to be eviscerated lol	labels:Re the guy shitting on you, I wondered what kind of person calls a navy blazer with brass buttons “essential” and it turns out he’s a racist incel
text:Nice Laundry No Show Socks Are Terrible!	labels:A "guarantee" that doesn't allow returns after the first wash is... not a guarantee, really, it's just an ordinary return policy, isn't it?  Especially if the brand has "laundry" in the name...	episode_done:True
text:Very much this. Trying to find knitwear that doesn’t land above the navel is so tricky at this time of year. I don’t want a cropped sweater dammit.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:yes same! i feel you	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do you decide what clothes you “need”?	labels:I think once you have your basics down, pay attention to the kinds of things that you find yourself wishing you had when you're getting dressed or when you're out.  If you keep consistently wanting the same things, long term, then it makes sense to add it to your closet.  It also helps if you get super specific about what you want and don't pick up things that kinda work, since you'll just end up buying a ton of similar things.	episode_done:True
text:I can see you in a latex dress	labels:This it WIT	episode_done:True
text:What are some brands and designers inspired by traditional/folk/ethno clothing?	labels:ivko!	episode_done:True
text:What rockstar(s) you take fashion inspiration from? What do you like about their style?	labels:Donna Jean from the Grateful Dead, Joni Mitchell, Grace Slick, and yes, definitely Stevie. I love all the 60's and 70's California fashion.	episode_done:True
text:How do you feel about vegan/faux leather?	labels:I’m vegan and I try to avoid them. I recognize they’re made from plastic and not really good for the environment either. I think it’s better to thrift gently used leather clothes than buy new fake leather.
text:Congratulations and Welcome to our New Moderators!	labels:Both great decisions 👏.	episode_done:True
text:This is me, but in my early thirties!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How to look elegant without looking old?	labels:It is a good thing you put the links of the instagrammers, because their looks was not what I imagined from the word "elegant".  They are thin and fit, likely with lots of cosmetic surgery and beauty treatments, one is very tall, they are all very "done". It is a look, and everybody do their own thing. Their look is very body conscious, very revealing, very showing off curves (in the right places since they are very thin.. Always explicitly sexy. It is indeed, maybe stereotypical very russian, or eastern european in general.  Some  observations about those looks and if you want to :  - keep shoes all pristine. High heels or sneakers or combat boots, but keep them as  pristine as possible.  - when in doubt, downsize clothes (this is against my regular advice, but this is a specific look).  - usually always showing one of legs/cleavage/midriff.  - very brand aware but you will find similar pieces everywhere starting from primark up...	episode_done:True
text:Favorite Lingerie Brands?	labels:Chantelle, Simone Perele, and Natori (less sexy than the other Imo but well made nonetheless)	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge Announcement: Rock & Roll!	labels:This includes buddy holly, right?
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge: Hoodies!	labels:Man one I can participate in because my day to day wear is pretty much just hoodies, and I can’t get a good picture. All of them are pretty much from my alma mater though	episode_done:True
text:Lol that dress is an incredible moment in fashion but his dress moment and Harry's Womenswear styling are two very different fashion statements and rushing to compare them just because they both happen to be men wearing dresses somewhat undetermines the message imo.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:award winning	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Revisiting Fall/Winter Favorites: N1 Deck Jackets pt2	labels:that's a very nice looking jacket	episode_done:True
text:Buying vs selling on resell websites	labels:I bought/sold on Poshmark when it was starting to get popular, and found great deals and sold pretty easily on it. I stopped a year later - by that time, I had started seeing wholesale distributers flooding the site and making it alot harder for me to find actual used clothing for decent prices. I'd agree that there are likely too many sellers now compared to buyers - or at least too much merchandise compared to buyers. To me, that makes Poshmark too much like Ebay, and is no longer as distinct a platform as it used to be.  Edit: typos
text:Outwear for a funeral?	labels:I went to a Kohl's and bought myself a cheap black suit for the last one I attended. It is not anything of quality, but is at the very least appropriate and inoffensive. Slim cut, but not too skinny as to make it offensively so. It was sub-500. I paired it with a rather full cut white dress shirt and black tie.   It won't see much use in the future except for other funerals, and frankly, I don't see much issue with that. It's polyester-y and the shoulders are off, but there won't be much in the way of judgement about the minutia of it. Keep that in mind. As long as it's reasonably conservative, it will do.  I don't know exactly about what outerwear you could get. But I suppose thrifting a dark, conservative coat would be best. Black, Grey, Navy.	episode_done:True
text:Indoor layers	labels:For clarity, because I think I get where you’re coming from—are you saying that the outerwear makes the outfit complete, so you’re wondering what people do to complete their look after they’ve taken off the coat once indoors? I’ve often felt like this while scrolling through Pinterest and wondered the same.
text:Woof.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:You shouldn't. It probably won't shrink evenly, especially not something as big as a coat. Shrinking in the wash is basically always a bad idea.  If it's just a little too big, it might also look fine. Big coats are in right now.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Riches to rags: The myth of sustainable fashion (The Financial Times).	labels:The best pieces of clothing I have I've found from driftstores. Just yesterday I spotted a brand name down jacket for just 7€. The feeling of finding just the thing you've been thinking of buying for a long time AND in exactly your size is just something else
text:git gud    Yeah the anti-casual sentiment of 90% of people on voice chat is one of the things that drove me away from online gaming. Then the types of games I wanted to play (triple A story driven, single player RPG’s) kinda fell off the map. Oh well, RIP	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Fall/winter shoe trends: what's your dream wishlist?	labels:I’m all about those platform loafers! Really any chunky/platform sole that let’s me feel like I’m taller while still wearing flat shoes. In my late 20s, I’m pretty over true heels, and more so now after months of WFH.	episode_done:True
text:Lookbook | +J 2020 Fall/Winter Collection | UNIQLO	labels:I’m gonna aim for a chesterfield coat, but I cannot decide which one w/ cashmere or wool-blend. :/	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 10, 2020	labels:tfw your wife lists something on her gift list that you already bought for her
text:Dae get overwhelmed by fashion?	labels:I think there are some great posts on here, just wanted to add, if you're just starting to build a wardrobe that feels "you" dont feel like you have to go out and buy it all at once.  Same goes with jewelry. Rather than trying to find a bunch of pieces you kind of like, find one or two pieces you love and make them signature, featured pieces in your wardrobe.	episode_done:True
text:Tips for reducing impulse buying/careless spending?	labels:Organize & clean everything I already own before I buy.   For example, if I want to buy another pair of jeans & a top, I do my laundry and put it all away and have my closet looking uncluttered. Often I just want the feeling of something clean & new. It also helps me purchase items I might actually wear more often because as I put items away I think about how much I enjoy/wear them and why	episode_done:True
text:What do you like, fashion-wise, about loose-fitting clothing?	labels:There are some clothes that look good when fitted at the right place and good when not fitted at the right place. It's all about the place. A flowly dress looks amazing when the fit is right around the tiniest part of your waist. Meanwhile, a bodycon is fitted all over the body and it really looks trashy in my opinion. And since it's fitted everywhere, you look wider around your waist and basically, you just look like an oversized banana. I am very critical of bodycon kinds of dresses.	episode_done:True
text:Thoughts on ski / apres ski style?	labels:Skiing is a strenuous sport, often done in a dangerous alpine climate. I wear technical gear: bright loose waterproof jacket and pants for visibility and mobility, wicking warm base layers, balaclavas and goggles to protect my eyes and skin, a helmet, and a backpack or fanny pack with an emergency kit.   After skiing, I strip off the outer layers and walk around in uggs, tights, and turtleneck.   You know what? I 100% blend in. I don't look better or worse than the hundreds of other people who have just come down from the mountain. This is why people specifically wear bright colors. Your party will be able to identify you at a distance from the specific colors you're wearing.   I think ski/apres ski style is to skiing what cottage core is to farming/homesteading. It's an aesthetic for people who don't actually do it.   If you like the look and aren't interested in skiing, then look into some New England heritage preppy looks. The bean boots, scandi wool sweaters, thick stretchy stirrup pants, fluffy trimmed accessories, and parkas may appeal to you. Uniqlo has some cute stuff in their recent collab that has that cozy lux vibe. Moncler and Gorsuch are some OG European ski fashion wear companies. You could look into those for inspiration.   But definitely don't try to go skiing without a waterproof pant and jacket combo. You will have a terrible time, given how much you will likely fall. (Assuming that you're a beginner.)
text:Finally a real and unbiased member of the public to comment on this thread	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 04, 2020	labels:2 weeks ago a random garbage can appeared in my driveway next to my actual garbage can. It belongs to none of my neighbours. I keep leaving it on the curb in the hopes it will disappear. It is not disappearing, instead ending up back in my driveway.   What am I supposed to do?
text:General Discussion - November 19, 2020	labels:Life’s too short to not look dope	episode_done:True
text:Common Projects Resort Classic Review	labels:They look gorgeous! I have some Bballs and despite looking great they're also super comfortable. And I got them for £160 too, which I consider a bargain..
text:Alternative to bras?	labels:I basically live in bralettes right now. In the summer I wear a lot of camisoles with built-in support. Traditional bras, in addition to being less comfortable, somehow also make me feel fatter and look fatter, and no amount of r/abrathatfits or department store specialists' assistance has ever solved that issue better than the bralettes and camisoles.
text:How much of your income do you spend on average in clothes every month?	labels:If you live in a city- go thrifting! I used to think of thrift stores as places to find like weird old vintage looks, but that’s not true. I go all the time and get things like Equipment, Anthropologie, Paige Jeans, Vince, etc. I even found a pair of excellent condition Rothys the other day! All for like $3-$10. You can have a rotating wardrobe fairly affordably. Also, utilize places like Clothes Mentor and Plato’s Closet if you can, not only to buy from them but to sell as well. I buy stuff at the thrift store for a few dollars, wear it a few times or a season, then resell it to ClothesM or PlatosC. You end up wearing it for free basically.   I also use Rent The Runway. For $89 a month you get to rent 4 items. They carry a huge selection of designer clothing; it’s a fun way to try statement pieces and things you otherwise couldn’t afford. For example, I currently on my rental this month have a $745 Derek Lam coat, a $325 pair of Rag & Bone wool pants, a $395 Current/Elliot cardigan, and a $250 Equipment sweater.	episode_done:True
text:“Sadd” Colors: 1620s Puritans to 2021	labels:Any idea what colors the Puritan colonies would have even had access to make locally?   I'm wondering if the association with more garish colors related in their minds to foreign trade and is maybe more about how they feel towards external cultures.
text:I'm honestly worried where my head is at for actually wanting half of a shoe lolol	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Sock It To Me: Novelty Sock Appreciation Post	labels:Those hen socks give me life!!	episode_done:True
text:My Gucci Addiction: Vanity Fair editor Buzz Bissinger's essay about spending $638k on clothes	labels:I read this article a year or so ago.  I was shocked. And also fascinated. I think there are a lot of men that are secretly clothes horses. We should better recognize it.	episode_done:True
text:Down Jackets	labels:It's with noting that down doesn't handle moisture well. At all. If you're going to be somewhere where it rains a lot you'll want some kind of waterproofing.  As a hiker I just carry a light waterproof jacket, but if your not going to layer up, either stay dry, get waterproof, or go synthetic  It's also with noting that I'm an idiot who didn't read the stuff op quoted where it says exactly this	episode_done:True
text:My feet started to ache a lot from standing all the time barefoot.  Before the pandemic, my shoes were off at the door and my house was quite shoe-free.  Since the pandemic, I wear shoes for like 4-5 hours a week instead of 50 hours a week and my feet need more support.  I designated a pair of my "regular" shoes to be house-shoes for the foreseeable future because I need support and structure for my feet.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 11, 2021	labels:I don't know if this is the right place, but I have an old style of shirt by fruit of the loom. It's akin to your typical a-shirt except the neckline/college is higher, like a t-shirt, and the shoulder "straps" are a bit thicker.  I remember getting it in a pack years ago, but I only have the one left now. I was hoping someone could point me in the direction of finding more, even that if another brand?  Thanks!	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 06, 2020	labels:Hi guys, just wanted to ask for some advice. I'm looking for a burnt orange sweater, but can't seem to find any anywhere, can anybody help me please? Rn I'm thinking max 100 bucks	episode_done:True
text:I need help with getting rid of clothes	labels:If you have the space, start by taking out from your closet anything you’re considering getting rid of. Put them somewhere else (in a tote/box, or a different room, some kind of storage area). Wait for a while to actually get rid of them, a few weeks, a few months, up to you. If you don’t go searching for them in that time, you’re probably ready to get rid of them, so without opening the box, just get rid of them/donate them. If you went searching for something in that time, put it back in your closet.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - February 13, 2021	labels:Flint and Tinder Wool-lined Waxed Trucker Jacket - Are They Ever On Sale  I haven’t checked back frequently enough to know if the price has ever been reduced.
text:LEZE the Label (Canadian)   Current deal: $150 mystery boxes they say have 3 items in them and are a total value of $350. Style-wise, you can pick between a work from home box or a work from office box, and you set separate top and bottom sizes. The items are non-returnable. (Can you tell I’m tempted? just wary of duplicates of what I already have, plus just bought some things elsewhere.) If anyone gets one please post - interested to know what you get. Not sure if this deal is just for the holiday season or what...  Old deal (ended Mon. Nov. 23): is doing a “choose what you give, up to 30%” where you can either take the discount or have that amount donated to charity. Cool idea.  Edit: Updated with new deal, kept note for old deal	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are your not-so-basic basics to pair with statement pieces?	labels:I'm a fan of combining bold pieces with more bold pieces. They say less is more, but I believe the inverse is true too: more is less. Meaning that when a piece feels like it's "too much," it can often help to add other "too much" pieces to balance it out and create a more intentional look.   The pink suit would rock with a base layer in red, light pink, tan/brown, or even a print or stripe if the mood strikes.
text:FAQ: What are people's experiences with clothing challenges like trying not to buy clothes for a year/only buying second hand? What are some tips?	labels:never really had a problem with impulse buying (i am still a teen after all), so I only buy new clothes if I'm discarding old ones: for example, if i throw away an old pair of pants, ill casually look out for a new pair if i happen to see one that looks nice	episode_done:True
text:The Queen’s Gambit Inspo Album	labels:Oh, the chess dress. Black/white diamond shaped color block,lined up so nice with the a line hmmmmmmm.	episode_done:True
text:Books on Fashion	labels:Fashion Victims: The Dangers of Dress Past and Present is a personal favourite, I would recommend it if you are into history	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 22, 2020	labels:So uh...capes.
text:Decolonize Sustainable and Ethical Fashion	labels:Thanks for including the second list of where to shop! I want to shop better and that list is definitely going to help!	episode_done:True
text:There are black and indigenous people in Asia. There are multiracial people, there are immigrants, and, while I can’t speak to every country in Asia, there are black Filipinos whose families have been in the Philippines for just as many centuries as mine.  If we were talking about a group of exclusively Han Chinese people or something, I’d agree with you that BIPOC might not be the right term. But Asians aren’t a monolith and neither are the people who live in Asia.  The OP was clear that the clothes in this album are inspired by Asian culture and the models do skew heavily towards the typical E/SE Asian, but OP said the brands are mostly BIPOC-owned and I think that’s a fair statement to make when we don’t know the background of each brand’s owner. Particularly when one of the brands included in the album is owned by a woman of Nigerian descent living in Singapore.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:100% on privilege. Over the past few years, I’ve slowly transitioned much of my wardrobe to natural fiber clothing (with the exception of athletic wear - but now there’s recycled options at least!). And I know it’s a privilege to do so, now that I’m further in my career. A $300 slow fashion, locally produced w/ fair wage, pasture raised wool sweater simply isn’t accessible for most. And even secondhand, it’s not cheap by any means. This is why as problematic as Everlane is as a brand, I won’t judge someone for buying a much more affordable wool cardigan there instead of from babaa, if it better fits their financial needs.  However, trends are for sure more physically accessible now than before with e-commerce and social media, for better or for worse. It’s interesting - I’m in my early 30s, so our generation was in jr high / high school just as e-commerce was starting. We were one of the first Facebook user cohorts. I grew up in a sleepy suburb that was ~2 hours from a large city. We had an OK mall, Macy’s was our fanciest department store. Whenever a girl wore something from Nordstrom’s, everyone oohed and ahhed because not only was it more expensive, but you had to be fairly privileged to travel to the city to go shopping.   I still remember our family visiting my older brother in another major city, and he took me to an Urban Outfitters store for the first time. I thought all the clothes were _so cool_ and how awesome that the people had local access to that store?? And now it’s both visually and ‘physically’ accessible through the internets (with their problems as well). In that sense, I do think it’s great - but the trade-off is the exacerbation of fast fashion with trends cycling through and consumed at lightning speed.	labels:Ooh I totally relate to the thrill of getting to finally go to the "better" mall that was super far away	episode_done:True
text:Mario Valentino is not Valentino Garavani	labels:At first I thought this was going to be a discussion about the difference between the secondary lines "Marc Jacobs" vs "Marc by Marc Jacobs", which is also sometimes difficult to wade through as well. But I didn't even know about this OTHER naming issue.  Jeez. I definitely feel bad for people thinking they got the deal of the century and just didn't know any better.  Edit: MJ was a bad example because I guess they discontinued MBMJ, maybe McQueen vs McQ would be a better current example
text:I don't know why I tried to combine the three words shoes-expense-experience together (lil embarrassed now)	labels:And ouch, I have my own typo but I will fix!!	episode_done:True
text:Drake's Collection One, 2021 Lookbook	labels:Is it me. Of does this season appear more elevated JCrew / todd snyder than drake's ? Still dig the sweaters and houndstooth blazer  Suede chore coat also pretty sweet
text:Good outerwear always has room for layering IMO	labels:	episode_done:True
text:My thoughts of the Cote&Ciel Isar L after a year	labels:Just want to chime in as another C&C Isar (I think mine is M, not L) user. Eco-yarn construction. Context: I'm in a doctoral program, live in another city, commute to campus when necessary. Pre-COVID, that was 2-3x/week. East Coast/New England, so a good amount of exposure to rain, snow, etc.   I bought mine circa 2014/15 in Copenhagen. It's been my go-to for pretty much everything since then. Everyday commute stuff fits very easily. As OP describes, space is massive, yet the construction of the backpack allows you to cinch everything down to a pretty small (if tall) package. I've used it for 2-3 day conference trips. The open duffel compartment really fits a lot. The more structured "backpack" compartment has cushioned dividers, pockets, etc. for flatter or more delicate/smaller objects.  Frankly, I love it and its one of the most interesting and functional backpacks I've ever come across. And the design, which variously recalls elements of modernist architecture, is pretty distinctive. My best experience with it was when I fit an absolutely massive doorstopper of an exhibition catalogue (600+pgs, oversized art book, hardcover) into the duffel compartment and it just...swallowed it up.	episode_done:True
text:What’s your favorite winter fashion staple?	labels:Mine is flannel so I might not be much help lol  But on a serious note - thin undershirts that are not cotton t shirts for when you don’t want to do the bulky layers thing. I have a silk weight “capilene” patagonia one for when it’s really super cold and I’ll be outside and some similar ones that tbh were army issued, so I’m sure you could find the same sort of thing without going to patagonia levels of expense. It’s kinda shocking how much warmth you get from them.   If I’m not anticipating being outdoors much, I’ve got an assortment of cuddlduds, thin modal tees off Amazon, and some bamboo ones. If I want to wear a lighter more fashionable blouse or thinner sweater or something I can put a layer underneath and still be warm without making my shirt too tight (and they are thinner/more snug/less spongy, as well as warmer, than a tee).  Edit - fixed and autocorrect that got by me	episode_done:True
text:Preach homie	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Capsule wardrobes?	labels:I have one. It works for both my office job and casual life as I like to be dressed up when I go out. It has around 12 pieces, not including shoes,undergarments or accessories. They're in neutral colors and my pop of color comes through my accessories (normally glasses or shoes but sometimes jewelry). I love it. I've paired it down to things I actually wear and slowly I've been replacing my fast fashion items when they're beyond wear with things that match my morals now. it's def a bit more pricier now but I feel good wearing them and know they'll last.	episode_done:True
text:i gag whenever i see engineered garments  it's like they're trying to be elitist and insider but it's also the most basic mfa designer brand and it's also not even that many pockets  shit's embarrassing	labels:Commenting for copy pasta purposes lol	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Small Asian-Owned Brands, Featuring Pockets & Architectural Details	labels:This is my favorite album in so long! I've never heard of these brands before but they're now definitely on my watchlist! If you do a part two I'd love to see it ☺️	episode_done:True
text:Does Anyone Ever Feel Like It’s Hard to Find Basic Clothing Items That Were Plentiful in the Past?	labels:When I was younger it was a lot easier to get basics in neutrals and a variety of colors from brands with “better” quality. This was common at every price point from discount to mid-range.   Now the mid-range is terrible quality. And the brands know for basics focus on neutrals and 1-2 seasonal colors.   As for your comment on Velvet dresses? Those tend to be pretty seasonal - for holiday parties. And this year there won’t be many holiday parties so brands likely scaled back their social occasion collections this year.	episode_done:True
text:Let's Talk about hats	labels:Assuming you’re American, the formality in clothing has drastically dropped in the last century. Hats (aside from baseball caps and beanies, like others mention) are so rare there’s not much expectation at all. They get cool points just because you have an unusual accessory. I think people assume you’re confident just because you’re rocking something unusual!
text:Accessories newbie and am not sure where to start...what are your must-have starter pieces?	labels:I think it would be good to start with some gold and silver necklaces that you can layer like basic chains with charms and some some hoop earrings, pearls, or diamond studs. You can even get some colorful jewelry for statement pieces or a pop or color. And I would say get a black belt and a brown belt cause they can go with anything almost.
text:Guys guys! I was just out running around the yard with my daughter and I had to put a flannel on over my t-shirt, despite it being the middle of the day! FALL HAS COME	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The Darn Good Yarn Sari wrap skirts can go those distances in my experience. But they are a mystery item	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Can we discuss how uncomfortable it can be to dress fashionably sometimes? Must beauty = pain? Looking for comfort tips!	labels:I feel this so much! But you shouldn't have to sacrifice looking fashionable over comfort! They can go together hand in hand! My style is generally long and flowing Korean-style fashion paired with open-toed sandals or other flat shoes and not only do I feel and look good in it, I also feel breezy! I think the tip here is to choose clothes that are not only cute but should go well with your body and ones you feel you can be active and move around with without any fuss! :D Also look for clothes made in natural breathable fabrics like cotton, linen or silk are always great because they breathe well and allow sweat to evaporate more easily unlike synthetic fabrics like nylon and polyester.	episode_done:True
text:Yeah for real. The name certainly brings to mind someone who lets the clothes wear him rather than the inverse, but a combination of clear personal preferences and a practiced aesthetic sensibility are ingredients that elevate an eccentric over a try-hard. Props for outgrowing the cringe and evolving a distinct style.   If you decide to switch up the names at some point, I think we'd manage.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Clark's Wallabees	labels:I love wallabees. I don't wear mine nearly enough.	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone else feel that nothing is unfashionable nowadays?	labels:The present always feels “neutral”. I think if you watch any reality show from the early 2010s, even as late as 2014-15, you’ll see a big difference from what was considered “no defining silhouette” then. things like just a tshirt change slightly in cut and shape over time.
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Hoodies	labels:/u/Ghoticptox hoodiejacket slaps.
text:Inspo Album: Vintage Wool Sweaters Need Good, Loving Homes	labels:Ah!  I was introduced to real wool-blend sweaters through Goodwill, as that is where my budget lies - then I gradually found 100% merino and cashmere sweaters at Goodwill!  I don't know who donated them, but I heap blessings on these people every winter!  Even though they came to me used, I take good care of them and hope to get many more years from them!	episode_done:True
text:The MFA Fall 2020 Fit Battle	labels:Mr 12 in the Saint Laurent 😍😍😍😍😍	episode_done:True
text:Call for Moderator Nominations & Applications	labels:Both myself and /u/halfthegoldtreasure would like to nominate /u/TheFlavorOfLife if he's willing.
text:If you could only have one overcoat, what would it be?	labels:I've been wearing this Vans x Trasher cotton utility/coach style jacket for the past years. It's all black and has Trasher in embroidery on the back so it's quite subtle and goes with everything. Plus many pockets.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - February 16, 2021	labels:So Drake's have apologised re the tie, changed it on the website to say dark green and have offered to exchange it for one that is actually black.
text:Shitpost Saturday: Signature Scent	labels:*eau de essential worker* Notes of pritt glue stick, snotty jumper sleeves and hand sanitiser. This robust fragrance oil will almost distract you from how many times you’ve had to remind your class not to touch each other. Best enjoyed with a large coffee mug filled with wine, while shouting ‘PLEASE PRESS THE MUTE BUTTON WHILE MISS LOLLYKPOPS IS TALKING’ at a particularly excited 8 year old during your meeting with the home learners.	episode_done:True
text:How do you dress for the (extreme) weather where you're from?	labels:I’m in Toronto, Canada.  By January, no one is wearing cute outfits anymore... it’s all goose-down water resistant parkas, balaclavas, Uniqlo heattech long-johns under thick jeans and heavy boots.  But before it gets to those super extreme sad months, I like wearing a short fitted puffer jacket with a winter down miniskirt over leggings and doc martens.  The short jacket makes me feel like I still have a shape and the down miniskirt keeps my bum warm and looks cute.
text:>But this year it may very well be pjs since nobody is coming over  I bought some Sam's Club joggers (so soft!) for this reason. Joggers, fleece pullover, fuzzy socks. My new Thanksgiving ensemble and honestly I might just keep it even when we do have family over in the future.	labels:I have some Sam's joggers that are fleece-lined, and what a godsend. I'm wearing them right now!	episode_done:True
text:Black is Beautiful, Braids are Beautiful, Bald is Beautiful: Ayanna Pressley as an icon of feminine professionalism	labels:This album legitamately brightened my day. I feel slightly more hopeful about the future than I did a minute ago. Those bright colors and the cheerful, capable, and compassionate demeanor that this woman has is like, powerfully uplifting.	episode_done:True
text:Unique brands/boutiques in your city?	labels:Fancy Tiger Clothing in Denver (on S. Broadway) carries lots of local designers. I LOVE their jewelry and they also have great clothing and accessories. It's right next to and owned by the same people as Fancy Tiger Crafts, which is a great shop for knitters/sewers/other artists.	episode_done:True
text:MFA Style Starter Packs - User edition	labels:Vibert (you can call him just Virt tho)       -literally just a suit  -Drake scarfe
text:Turtlenecks as a Base Layer - Inspiration Album	labels:The 80’s are back I guess.  Not my style at all but you guys do you!	episode_done:True
text:(Man) Repeller: A postmortem	labels:You can't force people in charge of a business to work with others if they don't want to. That's their business, therefore it's her decision. What you can do is not support them.  The fashion *blog* alone will not survive. The future is social media. That's unfortunate as I don't really care much about social media. I'm mostly a youtube video rat.  Never cared about man repeller. I think I read it occasionally but out of google search for specific topics, not really out of a habbit.	episode_done:True
text:People should watch old seasons of the bachelor if they don’t believe this. Professionally styled TV glosses over or tones down some of the trends you forgot about. The ladies of reality TV, on the other hand, really deliver.	labels:Yup, I've been watching America's Next Top Model and the early 00s was a dark time for fashion
text:I literally received a delivery (macy's) while reading your post!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 30, 2020	labels:I dunno if this is dumb or not but having a real pair of good winter pants has changed how I approach fashion in the winter a bit.  I got those uniqlo wind-proof lined pants back in oct and they've been amazing, last week I wore them in -25 for about a half hour and my legs stayed cozy. The real benefit though is now when I buy new pants I don't have to worry as much about whether or not I can wear them in the winter. If I'm spending more than like 5 minutes outside I'll take off whatever I'm wearing and put the warm pants on, it's great.
text:Fashion Resolutions and Goals: 2021 Edition	labels:Last year, I went on a no-buy last year for 11 months to assess what clothing items I really wanted and finally picked out a few pieces (a cashmere sweater, a pair of loafers, new boots) during Black Friday. I also learned how to mend simple holes in clothing and embroidered some boring shirts to make them feel "new". Tbh, It wasn't really difficult, because during quarantine/online classes, I wore the same few pieces of clothing every day.   This year, I want to clear out clothing that don't fit me anymore or are poor quality/uncomfortable/unfashionable. I recently moved apartments and it was ridiculous how much clothes I had that I never wore. My family used to be a lot more frugal, so all my clothes were from the clearance section (under $5 usually) of fast fashion stores and I picked them without regard to style/quality/fit. I never threw away clothing if it wasn't significantly ripped, so I even have clothing from when I was in middle school.	episode_done:True
text:Sweatshirt: I'm shocked by my purchasing decision from yesterday and needed to share	labels:I got a couple items from them recently and was pleasantly surprised by the quality. Seems like they're going in a good direction under new management.	episode_done:True
text:It's fall fashion.  Preppy, Americana, Streetwear, Techwear, Dadcore, etc.  It's all as American as apple pie.	labels:It’s cringe
text:Your 2021 trend predictions?	labels:I think we'll see an adjustment on the enormous puffy sleeves and ruffles, and a trend towards fitted long-line pieces - still historically inspired but with more of an emphasis on ornamentation than on silhouette. Nods to the roaring 20s: gems, jewels, metallics continuing to be prominent; dramatic makeup; heels making a resurgence.
text:Interesting about your work!  What’s your go to for work then?  I feel like if I were to use a tote like this, I would definitely put a solid pouch inside to keep my stuff hidden.	labels:> What’s your go to for work then?  I just put my phone, keys, license, and credit card in my white coat since I'm not allowed to bring anything into the pharmacy.  It becomes more of a pain in the ass with food and drinks.
text:Brands that are actually great that you discovered on Instagram?	labels:Ruggable!  Amazing customer service and cool product.  Edit: (I was fast scrolling and didn’t realize this was in Female fashion advice.  I’m not advising you wear a rug.  I’m such a dork!)
text:Why even the pandemic couldn’t kill fast fashion	labels:Cuz poeple cant afford $50 fair trade tee shirts and designer jeans while unemployed.
text:Victorian, but Make it Fashion - Fashion Week Spring 2021 Inspo Album	labels:Kambriel on Etsy has lovely things that definitely fit the Victorian aesthetic (but they can be pricey!)	episode_done:True
text:Ask your mom.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:This! That way you can still have some drape around your butt if you’re self conscious!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:me too. prefer a turtleneck tee over a sweater now. In the long run the collar in a turtleneck sweater loses shape somewhat quickly and gets limp as it is a knit.  I also became lazier in maintaining sweaters as they lose shape easily and need more delicate washing.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 06	labels:Liberals shut the fuck up about the south challenge  Absolutely depraved watching viral posts going around about "the south isn't part of the USA" and talking about just abandoning all the people who live here because a slight majority of the voting population votes red  Not 24 hours later suddenly it's "Georgia came through! We all love Georgia!" just absolute sycophantic shit  At least Abrams has had the integrity to rep all the orgs and activists that have been working for years on voter registration and fighting voter suppression but I'm still seeing plenty of braindead "Abrams *singlehandedly* won us Georgia!" takes
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 26, 2020	labels:I’m looking for Tom’s paseos. Mine may be ready to toss. I believe they aren’t sold by Tom’s, but does anyone know where to find a pair size 9? Or something similar currently sold?	episode_done:True
text:Changing Your Habits: Deciding to Not Shop Brands for Ethical or Other Reasons & Following Through	labels:Not buying Uniqlo was super hard this Aussie winter, because their thermal underwear is so good and so well priced. I also liked their jumpers a lot. I am typing this while wearing their duffel coat.   When I needed winter woolens I bought Australian merino, which I should have been doing anyway. I also bought lounge pants from a small “ethical” (hopefully true) Kiwi brand. Both were more expensive than I usually get, but I told myself to suck it up. Buy less, buy better.	episode_done:True
text:Top Down / Aerial / Crotch Shot WAYWT	labels:What’s this art style called? It reminds me of journalists’ headshots at the beginning of some news articles
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 27, 2020	labels:Anyone here have Banana Republic Supima Cotton tees? I have Uniqlo’s, and the ones I bough about 3 years ago (made in Cambodia) are awesome. They are soft and drapey, the best shirts I own. I bought some about a year ago (made in Vietnam) and they are way worse quality. I’ve read that BR Supimas are great. My question is not about softness, but more of like, are they drapey like old Uniqlo’s? Thinking about getting a few, they’re half off. I should say I’m a fit 6’ 180lb and am not looking for that fitted look, but (slightly) boxier	episode_done:True
text:Fold VS Hang	labels:It really depends on the garment and it's composition.  Dresses and skirts - hang them.  Shirts/blouses are better hung but can be folded.  Trousers can go either way.  Anything that is going to get fold creases in it I hang.	episode_done:True
text:God, hear hear. Callous capitalist bullshit is despicable when it's done by and man and it's despicable when it's done by a woman. The brand was successful and there were a million ways to handle this that allows the writers at least a *fighting chance* of keeping their jobs. Honestly Manrepeller has always been like this: fun in a detached rich girl way, and this is probably the most appropriate way it could've ended.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 10, 2020	labels:I really want a recommendation on what to wear in Summer. I usually wear a T Shirt and shorts but I don't like how basic I look. I recently started to worry about my appearance so I'm new on these types of topic.	episode_done:True
text:The North Face's Denali Jacket Hit Icon Status in '95—And Stayed There Ever Since	labels:I wanted one of these for so long and didn't know what they were called until this year. Snagged a NOS one off eBay for like $30+shipping (made a ridiculous offer and the guy just accepted. Shoot your shot, kids).	episode_done:True
text:I don't really get that sub's aesthetic. Seems like the majority of fits are just business casual but taken in front of a bookshelf or gothic architecture. Like, it would make sense to me if it was Ivy, but everything is black or grayscale instead of navy and "tan-scale", but when several of the top posts of all time feature people dressed in a cream sweater and golden brown corduroys or an orange sweater with tan pants, it doesn't really distinguish itself aside from the props in the background of the photo.	labels:>I don't really get that sub's aesthetic. Seems like the majority of fits are just business casual but taken in front of a bookshelf or gothic architecture.   Sounds like you get it to me	episode_done:True
text:lol for real though those LL Bean canvas totes will make it through anything. we have a big one that got frozen under a dock all winter (I LIVE IN NEW ENGLAND OKAY) and came out good as new. you could perhaps perform a nuclear test on New England and then pry our LL Bean canvas totes out of our cold, dead hands, and then keep them for yourself.	labels:The mid-nineties to mid-aughts Land's End canvas totes were the same way. Then they got crappy. Wish I hadn't lost mine in a move.	episode_done:True
text:Wrangler 13MWZ	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How would you describe the quality of self-knit/self-made clothes vs. store bought?	labels:All the woollens that my mother made for us at home are still surviving 25 years of use. I think the self knit stuff is just made with better quality things  (might be a function of $), and they survive thousands of machine wash.  Same thing with cotton stuff I picked up. Survived 15 years and still going strong.	episode_done:True
text:I love Rachel’s cozy hobbit style so much	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 26, 2020	labels:Does anyone else happen to wear a sweater that’s smaller than the shirt underneath? Like I’m wearing a small nice button up and an XS Patagonia sweater and it’s annoying to get it to work well.
text:What’s your favorite winter fashion staple?	labels:A couple crew neck sweaters in neutral colours I can jazz up with a fashionable scarf. That way if it's warm, I can take the scarf off. Under them I wear tank tops.  I match up my warm scarf with my jackets. I have 2 wool coats which help but if it's below -20C I like to wear my ski jacket(s).  I prefer earmuffs to toques because of my hair and I have a black pair, a brown pair, a white pair and a pair that goes great with my favourite ski jacket.  I have 3 styles of winter boots:   \-low, very fashionable (leather and fake fur) and good long term until about -10C .. these I am likely to wear to go to the mall or whatnot   \-tall, very fashionable (wool) and good long term until about -10C .. these I wear rarely even though I love them, they're a pain because they make my legs really warm indoors but my feet get too cold outdoors   \-mid rise, mildly fashionable and good till -35C .. these are my everyday boots, running errands, off to work, shoveling snow etc  Fleece-lined tights for more a more casual look.  If I'm going to be able to stow my stuff and it's really cold (like -30C or colder) I'll wear fleece pants over my nice pants and take them off at my destination.	episode_done:True
text:> You've been here more consistently than most, perhaps you have a more refined impression on how that went?  mfw "tell us your stories grandad". Love ya really Met.	labels:I want to hear from the trenches, back when nobody knew what a desert boot was.
text:How would you style or rebuild your wardrobe around your holy grail fashion piece?	labels:Trousers with pockets made of comfy natural fibres that fit my waist and my hips and are flattering.    Black, navy and charcoal colours are fine.   Yep  I want the real holy grail- good pants. And everything alrewould go with them.	episode_done:True
text:Hey thanks for posting this. I just bought a pair of grey 992’s so I appreciated this a lot.  Where did you get those shoe racks?	labels:Awesome choice, haha I'd get a pair myself if I didn't have these 993s.   I got the shoe racks from Amazon! Look up "Seville Classics shoe rack" and that should get you some hits.	episode_done:True
text:This is huge, big congrats! Many heavy doors opened with this kind of news	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Learning about technical side of clothes - fabrics, care, quality etc.	labels:I think a lot of people here that say their clothing falls apart quickly aren't properly caring for their clothes. Growing up I learned to wash everything together on cold. As an adult I had to read articles and watch YouTube videos on how to care for my clothing. I recommend everyone learn how to properly launder their clothing.
text:What do you think are the pieces of jewelry everyone should own?	labels:I don’t know about “everyone should own,” but I have a pair of square opal studs that I wear allll the time. The white goes with everything, the colored specks add interest, the shape is unique, and they don’t look as fancy as pearls. I can wear them grocery shopping or to an event. I love opals so much!
text:Support Small Businesses This Holiday Season	labels:Our family-owned toy store is offering a Black Friday Sale of 50% off all purchases of 250$ or more for this weekend only!  Visit our website: www.loltoys.ca	episode_done:True
text:How do I find out what I really like and want?	labels:My situation was the opposite as far as I know me and my sister were allowed to choose to wear what we wanted from as early as I remember. I also had a job as a teen so I could afford my fashion design hobby. I'm in my early 30s now and I think I finally found my style, but I'm struggling to feel amazing about it as I'm a bit overweight and I think things that I like simply look better on slimmer women.  Anyhow: I experimented loads as a teen and ever since, really. Buying things, wearing them or not, making things. It takes time to figure out which of the things you own get a lot of wear and which don't. You could go to second hand shops as it's cheaper to buy more here to experiment with. A lot also depends on any demands from your job, if you currently work. If you can freely wear whatever, you can go nuts. Some things that are great staples irrespective of style are some quality black leggings, nice trainers, good tops or bras for support, a nice handbag, backpack, and a few nice coats.  You could flip through magazines or websites and save any photos of style that appeals to you or simply individual pieces you like. Look at people in the street and take notes of any insights you gain from that.  I was very into goth stuff for daily wear until I went to art school and didn't want to get nice clothes dirty so I ended up wearing sports/athleisure gear. Now that I have a working from home office job I'm just wearing athleisure)chill stuff too but when I go out I try to dress in my style, which I've accepted is boho/eclectic/a mix. I've stopped trying to find a style and I'll just wear individual things I like, so I end up with a lot going on at times (big coat, patterned leggings, coloured trainers, hippie jewellery, an army style cross body bag etc. That's just me. I'm happy to look a bit strange and not according to one style.  You'll get there :).	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 01, 2020	labels:mark my words I *will* be an organic berry farmer and will define a new era of rustic chic
text:How do you know if a piece of clothing is worth its price?	labels:My policy is that I refuse to buy anything that I’m not absolutely sure that I’ll love. I see a lot of people fast fashion shame by saying that “people never wear those things more than once or twice” but while I try to avoid fast fashion now for ethical reasons, there are definitely things I’ve purchased from shein, H&M, etc. that I wear all the time.	episode_done:True
text:Lord and Taylor won't send stuff to Canada and that made me sad.	labels:They have lots at The Bay though!	episode_done:True
text:I agree - having seen several decades of fashion, I’ve come to the conclusion that If I can remember the trend the first time around, it is dated and not for me.  I don’t mind incorporating newer trends only if I like them, but by 49 I mostly know what I like and what is flattering.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The president we need but dont deserve	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Fall Jacket Recommendations	labels:What’s your style? Are you in a rainy/foggy area or will you see snow? I’m in eastern WA, so my trenches are used for about one month in fall, and then a month or so in spring, with true winter coats being used from October-April or so. I have several wool/fur dress coats and a couple parkas. I’ve over indulged in coats the last several years so my carts are empty, though I’ve been eying a dark green wool coat for over a year...
text:Review your winter 2020/2021 outerwear: how did your coats and sweaters hold up this season? Would you recommend your specific brand to someone looking for warm layers. Did you add anything new to your winter wardrobe that stands out?	labels:I am very sensitive to temperature changes so I suffer when I wear layers. Every time I come indoors, I need to strip off everything except a t shirt but I’ll be shivering my butt off the second I go out. Best solution was to get a thick and heavy parka. I have the Moose Knuckles Beaver jacket (discontinued now). It’s so warm that I can wear only a bra under it and still leave it half zipped in -25C.   I’ve been wearing it for 5 years now and the only signs of wear are on the slightly yellowed fur that used to be white, and the stretchy cuff where some threads are coming loose. The only reason this even happened is because I wrap my whole hand in it while writing on paper, so there’s more friction on them than with exclusively winter use. I’ve even gone skiing and snowboarding with it when the slopes were icy and had absolutely no issue. I was learning too, so I spent more time on the ground than upright. It’s been beaten up quite a bit but i can honestly say that it’s still in at least 8/10 condition. The fur is also great since it doesn’t get ruined at all. I’ve been rained on too many times to count in this coat but you just gotta dry it and it’s good to go.   Compared to my aritzia coat, I’d say that it’s not even half as warm as my moose. It also doesn’t last anywhere as long and I ripped through the shell after a slip on ice. I think it lasted me 3 years, but the fur on it was ugly at the start of the second winter season so it required a lot of upkeep it keep it looking in better shape.	episode_done:True
text:The best relaxed trousers — 13 bought and tested	labels:Thanks for bringing Gramicci to our attention.  Had never heard of them.  Cool stuff.	episode_done:True
text:WEEKLY DEALZ!	labels:Neiman Marcus is having a solid sale this week.	episode_done:True
text:What’s your everyday purse?	labels:Mine’s a simple crossbody Kate Spade purse. It’s big enough for my wallet, keys, phone, hand sanitizer, spare mask, and sunglasses, but small enough so I’m not lugging around extra junk I don’t need. It’s perfect for my needs!
text:Sidebar is there for this kind of generic “well-dressed” advice. There’s a link to the “Comment of the Whatever” with regards to the beginner vs enthusiast nature of the subreddit, take a look at that. Daily questions is there for simple easily answered stuff.   You’re right, the sub has changed since 5 years ago, but like all things change, this sub does too.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Agreed - I feel like looking polished is more about the absence of things. No wrinkles, piling, lint, loose threads, etc.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:So uh, what’s the trends for fall this year?	labels:This might be totally wrong but I have a feeling that face masks are gonna be big this season.
text:General Discussion - December 14, 2020	labels:something we rarely talk about is the new hoodie to girlfriends sleep shirt pipeline and its dangerous effects on my closet
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 16, 2021	labels:What are some slipper recs? I remember seeing some Hawaiian brand on Reddit but can’t remember. I was gonna get some Ugg’s but my size is sold out everywhere	episode_done:True
text:Kibbe System and Body Inclusivity	labels:I got to the third question and couldn't answer it. My arms are very long and thin but my legs are short and thick so. That isn't an option I guess lol.  Like most body typing quizzes I think its pretty much BS. This one is just complex BS lol
text:Call for Moderator Nominations & Applications	labels:thanks for the nom, u/zacheadams!  >How much time per week do you spend on MFA?  lol   >What do you think about the current condition of the subreddit--i.e., what's good/bad, and why?  the sub is in good shape for the most part. we do a nice job juggling the “male,” “fashion,” and “advice” parts of the sub.  we have a strong regular community that creates consistent OC and there’s good (albeit sporadic) content from others as well  we could do a better job in terms of front page discussion for casual readers / lurkers. we’ve done a great job cultivating a space between r/malefashion and the MFA days-of-old, but there should be room for well-intentioned newbies to feel comfortable contributing to a conversation. threads like nay’s FAQ posts come to mind  >What changes, if any, would you like to implement?  not many changes in mind. slightly more (like once a week?) basic discussion threads like FFA has — either approving ones that pop up or creating them.  >Why do you think you can be an effective moderator?  i’m on PST and stay up late enough (just during quarantine) to catch the weird off-hour threads when they start, so i could nip those in the bud   i try not to argue with dummies too much  i really like the sub   >Do you bring any other skills or assets to the table? (CSS, /u/automoderator config, community management, comms, PR, marketing, etc)  besides being on reddit too much, absolutely not  >Are you interested in adding and/or updating content to the MFA wiki/sidebar?  o ya definitely
text:[Review] TATRAS OFFICIAL BORGOGNONE DOWN JACKET, down for the city	labels:what size is the parka you're wearing on the photos? (I see you're 6ft3 right?)	episode_done:True
text:I’m the same way, weirdly, thought there’s a few of them in this album that toe the line into looking good in my opinion.   I quite like a nice parka, but the light down jackets just look odd to me. Part of it is the shine which I think looks awful, another is the prominenty puffy horizontal lines just look ugly to me. If they were filled with a different pattern maybe I’d like them more.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 23, 2020	labels:Keep it on the low but I have been secretly going to the local sub shop that my s.o. hates because he thinks they are rude (they are). I take full advantage and put on a big trench coat, bucket hat, and sunglasses when I go because having an affair with a restaurant demands big fits.
text:Yes I love linen. drawback would be labor intensive production IIRC	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Sweats and Hoodies	labels:Also a great way to hide the Covid 15 or in my case what's increasingly becoming the Covid 30.	episode_done:True
text:or I'll link some Pinterest profiles as I just saw you don't have an instagram	labels:That sounds great, please do! Thanks.	episode_done:True
text:Review: Brunello Cucinelli Men's Deerskin Derby Shoes	labels:BC clothing is nice, Loro p is better. Both have awesome knits and jackets. The open walks are obviously awesome shoes	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 04, 2021	labels:I'm getting new pants today  edit: they're great
text:Article: Why Is Fashion So Beige This Season?	labels:The last time I remember noticing beige getting popular was around 2009 (the great recession). I was going to fashion school at the time and one of my profs noted that neutrals tend to come in style when the economy tanks because the pieces are more versatile. Like, there's only so many ways you can wear a bright pink top, but you can generally wear neutrals with everything.  Anyhow, I've noticed color palettes are trending more neutral again and I took it as a sign that fashion folks are taking into account that during the pandemic customers are trying to stretch their buys as far as possible.  Tbh, I don't feel strongly about it except that what I think it signifies makes me sad. I think it's triggering some minor trauma from my early adulthood and the recession 🤣
text:I have a vintage shop and I'll be doing 30% off! I'm on etsy, shop name is florencescloset. I also have 30% off flash sale going on now.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Totally.  To me, Gen Z is a lot of clothing that isn’t work appropriate but super fun. A lot of crop tops, bra tops, spaghetti straps, usually some tummy showing, and then some baggy pants. Lots of thrifting and also cheap fast fashion. Doc Martens and other platform shoes. Very 90s/early 2000s. Long acrylic nails, false lashes. Really fun and can be a really “hot but trashy” style   Millennial fashion is more professional/better quality/structured. Linens, trousers, heels, sandals, etc. Frankly I think it has to do with millennials having more money. Low key hair, nails and makeup. Neutral colours and patterns. It’s a more mature style   I’m 25 so I get to do both 😎 woohoo	labels:I'm 27 and on TikTok and I feel like lightly dragging Millennials is sort of in-joke at this point, even if for the most part we're on the same side and they know it.  It's a mix of brutally accurate (like making fun of us for using 😂 unironically) and just normal adult behavior (like making fun of us for drinking wine in our pajamas).	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 02, 2021	labels:The New Balance thread brought out a TON of snarky and negative comments. Makes me want to see fits from all the naysayers. As they used to say "talk shit, post fit".
text:Favorite Etsy Shops/thrift accounts?	labels:A plug for Virginia Wynne on Etsy! She has inexpensive, handmade minimalist jewelry with a twist. About half my jewelry comes from her!	episode_done:True
text:Transition Lenses/Glasses	labels:Glasses are cheap enough now (via something like warby Parker) where you can experiment with this style and see if you make it work or not.   As a fellow glasses user - I treat my glasses as an accessory. I have 10 pairs I alternate between (though truly 2-3 in heavy rotation). Warby Parker changed the game and made this possible.   So you do you man - see if you can make it work and if not then well you have a pair you can use at home :)  Me personally? I have prescription sunglasses and glasses for separate occasions haha if these are more than warby prices I personally would not opt for transitions  Hope this helps!
text:Spring/Summer trends: Dresses	labels:Good bye cold shoulder, hello cold torso!
text:I dyed my leather boots and here is how it went.	labels:I have no experience with this, but this is amazing. Thank you for sharing. I also had that same issue with my white combat boots, I felt like they were glaring white beyond what I could work with. I still wear them, but it's always a little jarring to me.	episode_done:True
text:WAYWT - November 16, 2020	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How would you describe the quality of self-knit/self-made clothes vs. store bought?	labels:It would depend on the skill and machinery of the sewist - I have definitely made clothes that I like and will likely keep wearing, but they’re not the most structurally beautiful garments and are not the same quality craftsmanship you’d get from a higher end brand. Part of it is equipment - I don’t have a serger which is used a lot in clothing making - and part of it is I’m not that concerned about the seams on the inside of a garment that only I will ever wear. That being said, if I had taken the time to do proper seams, there is no reason those garments wouldn’t last just as long as higher end garments.
text:Very common buzzword in tech and probably the rest of the private sector.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:People are so odd. If you’re 4 foot 12 you’re gonna look that way whether you have a long ass coat or a short ass coat.    Seconded your line about fashion “rules”. JUST WEAR WHAT YOU WANT FFS. You’re not gonna get executed by firing squad for wearing black shoes with a brown belt, Jesus Christ.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are you planning on getting rid of this year?	labels:Excess weight, hopefully	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Fashion Resolutions	labels:My plan is to bring back shoulder pads, but with solar panels on the top, so I can power my phone with zero carbon impact.	episode_done:True
text:Does your language affect how you wear colors?	labels:I speak English and exclusively wear pink.
text:Does anyone invest in real jewelry?	labels:heavily investing in jewellery was a way for women who weren’t allowed their own bank accounts to acquire some form of financial security. now that that isn’t nearly as much of an issue, jewellery is moving more and more towards just being a fashion item.
text:For those who won't/can't go out for Halloween: what are your favourite costumes from past years?	labels:Personal highlights and best party reactions from past years:  Beat up Nerd: Ninja Turtle underwear hiked up over a lame button-down, busted glasses, fake bloody nose and black eye.  70’s/80’s Coach: grew out my mustache and sideburns, tube socks, short shorts, and an athletic polo with iron-on letters.  80’s Hair Metal: Goodwill purple leopard print pants, mesh tank top, bandanas, fake tattoo sleeve, faux leather fingerless gloves, eyeliner.  Ghostbuster: jumpsuit, patches from Etsy, and I made a “beer bong / ghost trap” with hardware store materials.	episode_done:True
text:What are your favorite sites to read and learn about fashion?	labels:She has more of a niche look, but Navaz Batliwalla writes DisneyRollerGirl in the UK. She also has a book called The New Garconne: How to be a Modern Gentlewoman. It's so good.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 29, 2020	labels:STOCKING STUFFERS!  My wife is begging me for ideas and I'm drawing blanks.
text:Sometimes its just how your feet/ankles are shaped. My ankles get fucked up by various shoes that don't bother other people.  You could try wearing thick socks, or you could get moleskin tape and apply it either to the shoe, or to your ankle. Do this at least until the shoes are broken in.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Favorite unconventional workwear?	labels:I had a jerb as a biologist, and my task was doing an environmental impact study in a place with utterly miserable weather. Rain? Wet? All the time. Windy? All the time.  My fave was gearing up for the day in my Helly Hansens. Wind blowing rain sideways? No problem. I had my pop tarts and H&H gear. I loved being cold, wet and miserable.	episode_done:True
text:WAYWT - January 04, 2021	labels:Happy cake day	episode_done:True
text:What’s going to be the next shoe of the year	labels:Whatever it is I hope it’s not square toes and yet another season of suede winter boots too delicate to wear in weather
text:General Discussion - November 28, 2020	labels:Anyone else watching the Tyson v. Jones Jr. fight?	episode_done:True
text:Do you guys default to a set of a few pieces even though you own a ton?	labels:I have some really nice shorts and a lot of the same but I always stick with one pair of them.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 23, 2020	labels:***Is there anyway to tell if a 100% cotton item is pre-shrunk or not if it's not written on the label?***  I have 2 new pure cotton items and I ordered them my usual size but they seem too big atm. Usually acrylic and polyester fit me perfectly in that size.  Pure cotton frustrate me sometimes. I'm never sure whether to buy them to fit or not. Sometimes they're preshrunk sometimes they're not. And most of the time it's not mentioned on the label. Feels like rolling a dice when it comes to fit. Any ideas?
text:What I Like is Not What I choose to wear	labels:What I like to look at and what I like to wear are not the same thing. I actually think a lot of fashion struggles come from people not understanding how to separate what they find aesthetically interesting from what meets the specific needs in their life.  When you look at a photo of an outfit, you're not *just* reacting to the outfit itself. You're also reacting to the body of the model, the styling choices (makeup and hair), and the photography decisions (the pose, the location, the lighting).   I might look at a photo and think "that person looks so cool in that outfit," but that person isn't me. I would not look that cool in that outfit because I'm a completely different person.  When I choose clothing for myself it needs to satisfy my aesthetic tastes when paired with my body and the amount of effort I'm willing to put into styling (i.e. zero), as well as suit the needs for my daily life. That's actually a limited number of options for me.   But when I am admiring an outfit or a photo, I'm not constrained by my hang ups about my body or the needs of my daily life. I can just like the outfit without having to contextualize it around myself, which is actually quite nice.  So, personally speaking, my interest in fashion isn't limited to clothing I would choose to wear. I find it's much more freeing to allow myself to enjoy fashion and outfits without always questioning whether I would like the outfit on my own body.
text:Sweatshirt: I'm shocked by my purchasing decision from yesterday and needed to share	labels:A&F is still reeling from some of the negative feedback of its CEO and 2000's image and branding  which is too bad because A&F has for the last 3 or 5 years, made some significant changes to their image. I think when on sale (and they have a ton of sales, for example 50% everything during the off xmas season, 40% off black friday), they offer a very good price to quality ratio.  I highly recommend them for their henleys and button down shirts, especially the oxfords. they can be found with out logo too.	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone take their “power color” really seriously? Basing a whole wardrobe around one color - not just choosing an accent color for a neutral capsule?	labels:Does this count if my power color is black?
text:Starbucks is spot on!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What do you think about having a signature style vs. a variety of looks?	labels:I personally swing wildly between an academic honors student, vaguely retro, more gender-neutral street style, and then something a little more punk. I just wear whatever I’m feeling like wearing on a given day (or what weather dictates, occasionally), so I don’t consider it strange to have more than one style. I admire the people that can just do one style and be happy, or have a capsule wardrobe, but there’s nothing wrong with enjoying mixing it up.	episode_done:True
text:Favorite unconventional workwear?	labels:I have some shiny pants I wear! I find they are a bit better with something covering my butt, so I usually wear them with a cool printed button down + blazer or a long sweater and ankle boots. One pair is sort of a disco pant, one is actually a disco pant and one is a pair of faux leather leggings. Definitely toes the line but my manager is one of those ladies who clinks when she walks because of how much jewelry she wears and she has tons of visible tattoos, so I think I am good!	episode_done:True
text:Oh thank you so much!!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:FAQ: What is the environmental impact of different fabrics?	labels:the mohair industry is pretty fucked up, to the point that H&M and Zara won’t even sell mohair products
text:What are "iconic" items that you should know about, and their basic history? What items can singularly be identified as "starting a trend"?	labels:Hmmm, I would say Doc Martens started the trend of fashionable leather work boots. Punk rockers wore them in the 70-80s and now everyone rocks them! They are definitely fashion staples.  Then the Beatles probably started the shaggy haircuts with the clean look, I can't remember what those "boys" were called but there was a name for them.      Then I would say converse all-stars are staples in casual wear. They were made huge by NBA players (made FOR them actually).   These are staples, at least in a university-aged student's wardrobe.	episode_done:True
text:[Inspiration] Pearls	labels:I came in thinking it’d be a bit too flamboyant.  Now, I could picture myself trying them out.  It’s swaggy. Nice album.	episode_done:True
text:Aimé Leon Dore for Drake's F/W 2020 Lookbook	labels:What loafers is the model wearing?
text:The best relaxed trousers — 13 bought and tested	labels:Bro, feeling like a complete peasant over here because I only recognize like 1 or 2 of these companies. I'm going to have to look into some of these options. Great content.	episode_done:True
text:Wow literally same. I sew, so I made this exact pair that you’re envisioning, since they are the best type of pants in the world. So comfy, so elegant, so cozy!	labels:They are so good!!	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone else always hesitate to buy what they truly love because they don't have a social life?	labels:Outside of Covid,  I am perfectly happy to wear fancier than necessary clothes to work out while running errands.    What I really want and can't justify is a floor length formal gown. I don't think I have ever gone to a black tie event.  Why don't people have fancy parties anymore????? I just want to wear a ball gown once a year,  is that too much to ask?
text:Yearly Aesthetic Goal Setting	labels:I have a question for you. Where do you go for style inspo? I’ve lost my personal style due to focusing all of my wardrobe on work attire (business casual). I honestly don’t even know where to start.	episode_done:True
text:the capes thread really triggered the entirety of Reddit it seems.   I’m not sure why people get so worked up by inspo albums and runway articles. There is tons of content on MFA that is mainstream. The entire daily question thread is full of basic advice for newcomers. The sidebar is like terabytes of slim fits and OCBDs. Articles from non avant-garde blogs like Die Workwear and Put This On are linked to every week.   I am one of the most conservative guys here ( fashion wise, not political before anyone freaks) and there is tons of content I enjoy.    I mean just Ignore  what you don’t like and create  and consume what you do.   Also sometimes not being in an echo chamber is a good thing. A really good thing.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What do you like, fashion-wise, about loose-fitting clothing?	labels:I also stick with one loose item and a more tighter item to balance it out. I like wearing a blouse with loose sleeves, tucked in a high waist skirt or pant. I do the inverse too, wide leg/loose bottoms, with a tight shirt/blouse. I think I would get overwhelmed if everything was too tight or too loose.	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album- Thinking outside granny square	labels:I can't see any of your favorite items (i assume thats how you put it together), but I can see some of your favorite shops (and they include the NSFW ones, fyi).
text:get wide or die tryin	labels:	episode_done:True
text:WAYWT - January 15, 2021	labels:damn people really brought the heat today	episode_done:True
text:Hello! Yes, it's me! As a general comment, big thanks to this community for posting my posts so often. It can be tough to write on a regular basis, and it's genuinely very encouraging and appreciated when I see something has been posted here, and to see kind comments. Honestly, a big and sincere thank you to the community.	labels:I've only just started reading DWW during the pandemic. I really enjoy your writing, particularly your practical dressing at home musings such as this article or your recent sale round ups. Consistently putting out articles on any topic is difficult, and you manage to keep your writing both fresh and familiar, so thank you for that.
text:Do you feel constrained fashion-wise by not wanting to (or being able to) wear heels?	labels:I don't feel constrained at all. I've never really worn heels and I finally threw the few I had out last year. I get compliments on my shoes and outfits often.
text:inspo album for city boys: popeye magazine	labels:Read about them in Ametora but didn't know it was still a thing. These images are very pleasing.	episode_done:True
text:Im afraid there isnt really those kinds of services where Im from, but otherwise it would be a really good idea!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: the Festival of Clothing	labels:Well I have this dress I got at Kohl’s I think 12 years ago. It is a floral dress. After maybe a year the hem fell out. And that was ok because that raw hem matched the raw hem on the flounce sleeves. I never got around to getting it fixed. And those extra 2 inches made it more versatile for biking and work. Most amazingly, this dress has worked as my size has gone up or down 2 sizes.  It goes in the dryer, it doesn’t wrinkle, and works equally well as a pool coverup and wedding guest attire. It is a magic dress.	episode_done:True
text:That’s such a cool and fun idea!! Like fun socks peaking under the dressy pants. I definitely have to look into that!!!  I really like the idea of a colored suit actually. I’ve been eyeing a red suit for a while, but I still to work on the mental block I have with colored pants. (Flashback to middle school when I thought colored pants were a replacement for a personality,, that was a dark time)	labels:Oh I know. The phrase “green jeans” still makes my stomach turn. You could definitely go for a “classic” bold colour like red, or you could go for a new interesting material or pattern! I definitely love my teal suit 😇
text:I fucking hate those reddit threads. "I neVEr sPEnD mORe thAn $10 oN ShOEs anD AnYOne whO dOES Is A HyPebEaSt".  I tried commenting on the BPT thread about the sweatshirt post but I forget they're flair locked 🤷	labels:	episode_done:True
text:There are a lot of brands doing the full face covering thing on their runway shows in the last year or so. Not sure how it will translate to mainstream but it's definitely *a thing*.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What's on your 2021 fashion wishlist?	labels:I want to get a pair of platform Chelsea white docs. I also am on the lookout for some good quality work shoes whenever I go back into the office.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 08, 2021	labels:Why do lurkers take weird sneakers as like a personal insult?
text:Unless you want respect and to be accepted into a social circle. Personally I  believe in the philosophy of age appropriateness because that means you care what the group (society) thinks and that reflects that you are not a narcissist or stunted person. Although some youthful touches can be endearing in a look. In other words, skip the daisy dukes, keep the mary janes.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:This makes me sad... Be hopeful you! Wear the teal! Carpe diem!	labels:I’ve learned I appreciate the aesthetic but don’t enjoy it on myself.
text:Three brands only for the rest of your life. What’s yours and why?	labels:Acne - Nice basics and some more out there stuff, I'd love something generally more out there but Acne has so much versatility compared to most other brands. I could get trackpants, derbies, sneaks, sweaters or suits.       Our Legacy - Same thing as with Acne        And then use the extra slot for Monitaly, Fjällräven, Lemaire, Kapital, Maharishi, Nigel Cabourn, Engineered Garments, Margiela or Visvim to get some extra flavour.	episode_done:True
text:Return of the King	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Album thiccer than a bowl of oatmeal	labels:	episode_done:True
text:There was a Suzy Shier outlet nearby, too! Hadn't thought about it in years.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:This gave me a chuckle, lol. Few things worse than baggy underwear.	labels:Tbqh I'd rather have baggy than digging in my ass crack underwear lol	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 22	labels:I have a newly bought G-star hoodie and it fits me almost perfectly and this is rare because i’m weigh 188 and i’m 6’4 but there is one flaw that has to do with the sleeves. Are there any methods to permanently stretch the sleeves of a hoodie maybe an inch or two?	episode_done:True
text:That's my usual look but definitely with tights underneath!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Queer Anthropologist from the PNW	labels:Hahahaha, I'm a queer anthropologist from somewhere else, and I own all these clothes!	episode_done:True
text:When will I be "too old" to look cute, cool, hip, whatever?	labels:You'll probably be sick of that style by the time you age out of it anyway. Plus, why are you worrying about it now, seems like something you should think about in 5 years.	episode_done:True
text:The Origins of Hermès' Colour Mark	labels:I hadn’t know this! It’s interesting that something that came about due to privation and shortages is now associated with luxury.	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Thoughts and Prayers	labels:I worship at the altar of bad taste, so you have to wear head-to-toe neon, clashing patterns, animal print, sequins, or metallic leather to be invited to my church services (which will take place at 8AM on a Tuesday to test your commitment to the concept on a weekday in daylight.)
text:Lol I didn’t realize you were a desi bro. Good stuff on the Bollywood album.   I’ll do one for kollywood someday	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 16, 2020	labels:I'm looking for cologne or body wash that is very similar to Bath and Body Work's Black Tie scent. They used to make body wash way back in the day, but alas no more. Anyone have alternatives?	episode_done:True
text:Kind of wondering if he could also give recommendations for shoes that did not require drying out between wearing. I would pay a premium for such a thing.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The Instagram Account Showing “Ivy’s” More Eclectic Side – Put This On	labels:Why that kid look like Elon?	episode_done:True
text:What's been your experience with men's stores/departments?	labels:I usually don’t experience any negativity when shopping in the men’s dept. Go after what you’re into and don’t worry about the employees anyway! One thing I will say is for pants or shorts, in my experience, it’s better to buy masculine styled clothes fit for women. Then you avoid the weird men’s fitting and bulge.
text:What do you guys think about sites like Poshmark and Curtsey?	labels:I get a lot of stuff on ebay because I find it less expensive than Poshmark.	episode_done:True
text:I’m going to piggy back on here and ask if anyone reading has tailor recs in DC! Thanks!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:A warning for H&M Online Purchases	labels:I made an order 8 days ago. Still in progress. Are there anything I can do?
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 20, 2020	labels:Does anyone else not get the hype with Uniqlo? I’ve tried some of their stuff and I’m not that impressed. Plastic zippers, lackluster fabric, awful customer service. Aren’t there better options out there for the price?
text:How different is your actual heel length vs what it's advertised as and, how much does it change by shoe size for you?	labels:I don’t have an example right now but want to thank you for posting this as I have never considered this! I’m a US6 and have NO IDEA how some women frequently wear 3 inch heels. The super steep arch was so uncomfortable. This makes so much sense!
text:To add on:  The formality of a loafer is (generally) determined by a few things:  Leather: Smooth leathers in darker colors are more formal. This is opposed to leathers with a visible grain, or with a nap (suede).   Stitching: If the stitching color contrasts with the leather, it's more casual.   Outsole: Lower profile, darker midsole with a dark welt finishing is more formal. A formal loafer will also have a raised heel, a flat heel is casual.   Styles: The more plain and sleek, the more formal. Beefrolls, bits, tassels, heel pinches, and other such flourishes are *generally* less formal. However this is sometimes a point of debate, and most people won't care or notice.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Fashion is dead. This is now a house plant subreddit.	labels:Not a houseplant but my MIL brought me peony roots today! I get to dig a big hole tomorrow!!	episode_done:True
text:I have one I got from COSTCO for $12 and it’s my favorite thing ever	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Sith-Wave/Jedi-Core: A Star Wars Inspo Album	labels:Excuse me 7&8 are clearly Vulcan-Core.  Also my phone wanted to auto correct excuse me to execute me.	episode_done:True
text:Discussion - “ Odd “ Fashion Inspirations	labels:Beth Harmon from the Queen’s Gambit (and also Cleo for makeup). I sort of wrote off the 60s as a viable fashion era for me, since I’m short and curvy. But now I’m SO into the 60s and I also have red-orange hair, so the colour palettes are right up my alley. I’m trying to find a pair of corduroy flares right now! (That I won’t have to hem...)	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 01	labels:JUST GOT CHASED BY AN ANTI MASKER IN MANHATTAN YELLIN SLURS AT ME
text:General Discussion - December 15, 2020	labels:I really enjoyed the "how would you style this" threads that we were doing a few months back. Any chance of those making a return?
text:It's Chrysler	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Can I see your casual natural-fabric outfits?	labels:I don't have any yet (working on it) but I am obsessed with Outland Denim, it sounds like just what you are looking for. Totally natural and very comfortable, soft, and ethical denim.  Boody bamboo clothing is a delight, absolutely love mine.	episode_done:True
text:i dont mean to be an asshole when i say this but if you havent, start or join a union. You and those garment workers in Bangladesh need to band together if you want things to improve	labels:Bro you act like unionizing is easy process lol.
text:But can't vintage and second hand clothes just keep getting recycled: resold and reused? So won't that make the new designs less sought after, especially now that more are aware of the impact overproduction and overconsumerism have on our planet?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Do you: 1) keep all of your wardrobe equally diverse, or 2) keep all of your wardrobe minimal, or 3) keep some pieces relatively similar while diversifying others?	labels:I have a shitload of skirts, plain-colored shirts, and sweaters. Basically I find a thing I like and I get it in every color.  The only thing I don't do that for is pants, because I don't like wearing pants that often, and dresses are their own thing and don't need to be monochromatic.	episode_done:True
text:What am I supposed to do with my head post-chemo?	labels:I have straight hair and usually wear it in an undercut with the sides pretty short, or I use a side part. Depending on your line of work and your confidence a good felt hat can do wonders. I wear a Stetson Stratoliner with a cattleman crease and a flattened brim. Looks a lot like a Stetson Open Road. They are smaller than a cowboy hat, and can look good with a variety of clothing from jeans and a tshirt up to and including a suit.	episode_done:True
text:How A Trouser Should Fit – The Armoury	labels:This is just proof that style is subjective. I find both of their pants too loose, especially for today's styles and trends.
text:It's weird to control what appliances go into places you rent out in my opinion.  I only want to know what conditions lead to her not owning one because it is common where I'm from even in the cheapest type... People are so overly sensitive here they downvote anything that has the slightest possibility of being offensive	labels:Landlords' prerogative, their property, their say. I actually want to understand why too, because I consider a washer and dryer to be basic appliances. IMO some rental places have coin laundry maybe so landlord can make some more $$$ or something.   Other times, for older buildings, maybe the infrastructure just isn't there and it's pretty infeasible to make such radical changes.
text:so jealous, I have ~~1,2,3,4...~~ 5 left :(	labels:Don’t worry, even a decade after graduating you’ll still have an occasional nightmare about missing a final.	episode_done:True
text:> the whole Barney Stinson/Ted mosby/ how to be a gentleman thing.  biiiiiiiiiiiig oof	labels:If you look up how to be a gentleman on Google, you might see some content I’ve made that got a few notes lol
text:Sneakers trends FW 20/21	labels:I'm seeing a lot more girls wear Air Jordans at the moment and less chunky trainers, I think it looks really nice
text:Where one's mind goes, ones focus goes.   I'm trying not to come off as a pessimist, but the majority of the market is still all about that fast fashion. Didn't we just have an article about how the pandemic hasn't hurt FF profit margins?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Mayhem at Uniqlo in Japan as customers fight to grab the Jil Sander collection	labels:Still not as bad as the KAWS release which I think was in China.	episode_done:True
text:I recently start using Pinterest again. By pinning you can 'shop' for all kinds of things without actually spending money. However, this might lead to spending (I am using it to research my 'curated wardrobe' and it has led to a couple of purchases).	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Goodness yes. This year has been horrible and fashion shopping as a hobby was one of a few nice things left to cheer me up. I think I may have doubled my wardrobe by now. I don’t regret a single purchase either, just wish I’d get more chances to wear all the awesome clothes.	labels:Clothes don't have expiry dates, our time will come next year :)	episode_done:True
text:What are your favorite sites to read and learn about fashion?	labels:the concept wardrobe (website/blog)	episode_done:True
text:The 90s Are Back. Long Live the 70s.	labels:No mention of pervasive polyester double knit?  Leisure suits?  Platform shoes?  Huckapoo shirts?  Ubiquitous plaid?  Wait...90s, not real 70s.
text:Distinct Fashion Phases	labels:I’m 27. My style changed a lot when I was around your age, lots of fast fashion and forever 21 type stuff. Went from a hot topic emo in the mid 2000s to an “indie” girl in high school. I was always overdressed at school which I enjoyed because I like to stand out.   Early college I had a little vintage pinup phase and would wear a full face of makeup with super coiffed curled hair. Later in college my style really started to solidify and has been the same since around 2015.   I like le cole des femme clothes a lot too!! I’d say my style now is a little bit school girl/uniform inspired, and the really typical “french girl” jane birkin type stuff. I don’t buy fast fashion anymore and I’m finally in a place where I can get investment pieces and shop small. My typical outfit is maybe a pair of levi’s with some sort of thrifted blouse and mary jane heels, or a tennis skirt with tights and a sweater and loafers. I wear very light makeup now since my skin has cleared up in adulthood, even after wearing black cat eye liner for probably 15 years straight. It’s nice to look back and see how my style has stabilized and matured.
text:Indoor layers	labels:I hang up my coat when I’m inside. Is that what you were asking?	episode_done:True
text:What are your favourite places to find loungewear ?	labels:Senita Athletics is a female owned workout clothing brand from Arizona. They are Lululemon level quality but so affordable! I own a pair of their  Weekend Joggers and they are seriously the comfiest article of clothing I own.
text:Feeling self-conscious with changing style around family - anyone relate? Tips?	labels:Cut all ties, move hundreds of miles away from anyone that knows you, and completely start over. Works every time.  But actually, have they reacted to what you wear? Like, do they make comments, positive or negative, on what you wear?	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 12, 2020	labels:Looks like I've missed a party in the cash blazer inspo thread.
text:General Discussion - December 27, 2020	labels:Undertaking a huge 2020 wardrobe album and been spread-sheeting a lot of my stuff.  My goal this year was shooting for only buying things on deep discount (60-80%) turns out I shattered that and across my entire wardrobe I spent an average of 13.9% of MSRP, super proud of that. I did, however, still manage to spend more than I should have in total.
text:Can we talk sleepwear?	labels:I was very into this idea as well and invested in some Lunya PJs...but that elegant person I invisioned didn't magically appear. I still had a big messy bun, acne patches on my face and slept with my mouth wiiide open. I didn't feel as comfortable in those PJs and that fantasy I had didn't come true, ya know? I don't want to discourage you, just my two cents as someone who had a very similar thought process  I went back to tank tops and sweatpants and I find I appreciate them a lot more now. I make sure they fit properly and don't have stains or holes so I still feel reasonably put together.
text:As I wait to hear if I have to evacuate due to CA wildfires, here’s a hypothetical I had to do: you have time to prepare before your evacuation and pack up your car. What clothes do you bring and why?	labels:Just preemptively evacuated my house on the west side of Santa Cruz and I left nearly all my clothes. I was so light headed from smoke inhalation that I didn’t even remember to pack any underwear, so I’m just really really hoping the house doesn’t burn down because I packed 4 shirts, 4 pairs of pants, and 1 pair of shoes, and if all my silk blazers burn I’m going to cry	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Dress Like An Architect	labels:Nice submissions.   Then again, of the 20+ architects I've met in my life, none dress like this.   Definitely an interesting theme.
text:Haha I think I know which company that is! I'm looking forward to more in-person sales again :)	labels:Ive been to a few but it’s been very quiet in store 😣
text:How does everyone here dress when bloated?	labels:My dumb body probably has IBS but i'm pretty much bloated all the time.   In the Before Times wore a lot of loose fitting mori girl-esque dresses. Or elastic waist skirts with oversized sweaters/hoodies. And lots of big scarves.	episode_done:True
text:I tried writing a paper about a good antitrust remedy for facebook back in like... late '14, and nobody wanted to write it with me. (Actually, I wrote the paper, but just for an easy class, and I needed one of my law review friends to help me turn it into a proper legal article, and none of them were willing to do it, and the joke's on them because we'd be getting cited by half the governments in the country right now).	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Have you ever gotten tons of compliments on something but are still on the fence?	labels:I’d agree that personal comfort is the big thing.    I’d also pay attention to the content of the compliment. “That’s a cool sweater” is NOT the same thing as “you look great in that sweater”, KWIM?   Sometimes people are appreciating the design or color or novelty of an item and not the big picture of how it works for you.
text:I keep getting moth holes in suit jackets - how to solve problem?	labels:Put clothes away cleaned and you have fewer issues. The grubs like to eat the human oils we leave on clothing.   You can also wrap/bag your clothes, better still vacuum pack them if that won't crease the clothes too much. Freezing them also works.  I've had good success with cedar cubes in drawers too, I haven't found it to be a myth but maybe it's coincidence nothing got eaten. You need to give them a little sand to keep them fresh every year or so.	episode_done:True
text:Timothy Everest, Oliver Spencer, Drapeau Noir, still not cheap but cheaper than Drakes.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Another recent Abercrombie surprise is their dip into athliesure with their joggers.  The Traveler Jogger is very comparible to Lululemon ABC Joggers, and the light weight version is essentially the Surge Jogger.  Still expensive at $79, but cheaper than Lulu and goes on sale.  I've picked mine up between $35-$45.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone else have this style issue?	labels:Is there a way you could achieve the same vibe/aesthetic but using different cuts or shapes? I love those silk skirts that are trendy, but I have scoliosis and they just don’t work on my uneven hips. However, pleated maxi skirts achieve the same vibe but fit me better! Maybe there’s something similar you could find too.	episode_done:True
text:Favorite fashion impracticalities	labels:Big statement sleeves. Bell, tulip, bishop, balloon, puff sleeves, big cuffs, ruffles what have you, that never fit into a coat, can't be rolled up, get in the way of washing your hands, dipping into your food. But damn if they don't add immediate interest to an outfit.
text:General Discussion - October 29	labels:What working class item is fashion going to co-opt next? I have been seeing more and more Chef pants on some instagram accounts.
text:What are the Luxury IT Bags right now? And which ones are actually worth the $?	labels:This will depend where you are. Here the bag of this summer was the Loewe basket tote, which I quite like but would not ever buy. The Loewe origami bag also seems quite a more timeless very chic thing here.  The Loewe basket tote is going to forever and forever remind me of pandemic summer. I think it might last for next summer as well. But it is the most just-now thing.	episode_done:True
text:In Honor of RBG, What is your Dissent piece?	labels:I’ve had a tee shirt from Urban Outfitters for roughly ten years that says “friends don’t let friends vote republican”. I’ve worn it every election season since and now it’s going to be making a prime time, all the time comeback in my wardrobe. I’ll wear that shirt until it resembles dishrags I love it so much.	episode_done:True
text:The absence of fun size boxes of nerdz is a travesty	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I wish! All the plants at my local Goodwill are the fake plastic kind! Time to go to the nice part of town to get some designer cashmere plants!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:FAQ: How do I pick the right size buying online?	labels:You guys are making this way too complicated. Just do what I do, be roughly the same height and body type as the models on these sites are and then buy the sizes they are wearing. Done.	episode_done:True
text:> there was also the fresh dewy look of blush and a light lip gloss - think Britney Spears in her Oops I Did It Again video, or Mandy Moore's makeup in her video for Candy.  Ohh this took me way back! lol. Do you remember when MAC Prrr lipglass was huge and everyone was going crazy over JLo's makeup in the All I Have music video?!	labels:I remember Hilary Duff saying her favorite makeup was MAC Lipglass lmao. After that, I noticed how it was promoted everywhere by everyone. And Jennifer Lopez's makeup always looked amazing. She hasn't aged physically since the late 90's.  I still think the best makeup I've ever seen was in Mean Girls. Everything from the color choices to the application. Everyone just looked more alive lol. The baked face/matte colors/highlight and contouring that eventually became popular was pretty in it's own way but I felt like it made everyone look like plastic barbie dolls. I'm glad that trend is slowly dying out and I'm finally seeing more lipglosses and rosy shades being sold again.	episode_done:True
text:Agreed, and unlike unique things that with enough time and patience and alerts you could find again, it's basically impossible to find the basics secondhand unless they are super specific.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I like that mentality! I think I approach that in my essay, specifically with checked shirts + repps or striped shirts + paisleys.  Those combinations *only* work with a solid jacket IMO.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:New Year, New Balance	labels:All these comments in here about how they don’t hold up for how they feel plastics, just makes me assume they’ve never held any of the made in US/UK lines. That mesh is supple, the leather feels great.   Judging New Balance based off of some Shoe Rack pairs is the same as basing Nike off of the Air Monarch.	episode_done:True
text:Bigger Coats	labels:The thumbnail looks like three 11 year olds on each other's shoulders lol.
text:2020 Wardrobe Data Analysis	labels:how did you make the kanban board?
text:Funny question	labels:Denim mini skirt. Kind of old, used to be fun and cool, a little bit daring, still adaptable to many situations.  Edit: a better adjective	episode_done:True
text:Koio Capri 2 Year review	labels:How do you clean them?
text:What are the Recurring Motifs, Symbols, or Images in your Style?	labels:Ribbons and bows. I didn't even realize I have so many pieces with bows until a friend commented, ribbons again?  I think it gives a nice definition to the waist on dresses and long tops since I'm not to fond of belts which I find too bulky. Bows at the neckline, shoulders or on sleeves, elegant bows on evening dresses, bows on office wear, boho chic ties, little bows on nighties, I'm just attracted to them all 🎀🎀	episode_done:True
text:How often do you wash your clothes?	labels:You all do a lot of laundry!  I only wash base layers (panties, socks, camis, undershirts, leggings, hosiery) regularly. Everything else I hang up on a garment rack to air out. I hit it with cheap vodka in a spray bottle to deodorize/sanitize. I learned that trick in costume class in college, much more skin safe than febreze. I use a steamer to get out the wrinkles and reshape. I recycle my old toothbrush brushes/cut up tshirt rags to spot clean with felsnaptha or oxi clean.  If you have good hygiene and aren’t sweating, there’s really no need to wash most things, especially with a washing machine. Clothing experiences a lot of friction while being agitated in the machine and that will wear your fibers out. I have shirts I bought at 16 that still look brand new and spot care preserves all my vintage/handmade pieces. The hang/vodka/steam combo is great for bras too, which should only be hand washed if they need to be thoroughly cleaned.	episode_done:True
text:This.  I can't stand the bizarre gate keeping that exists around fashion. It was everyone's favourite take down during the height of the americana/heritage/workwear cycle in the past decade.   MFA still sees it constantly from lurkers who complain about the outfits around here. I hate it.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Dressing for “housework” vs “working from my house”	labels:For the most part, my WFH clothes are versatile and can be worn for housework/lounging/telework.  I don't wear shoes indoors, just cozy slippers.  In general, my work-from-home wardrobe consists of things like wide-leg soft pants, cozy-but-washable sweaters, washable knit dresses, and jeans and a blouse for days that I'm feeling fancy. These are all things that I'm comfortable doing light housework in, e.g. cooking/dishes/laundry. Sometimes I'll throw on an apron over top if I'm doing something that might splash.  But one rule with all of my clothing is that I don't buy things that aren't easy care/machine washable. I have a lot of environmental allergies, so I need to be able to thoroughly clean things if they're exposed to pollen/animal dander/etc. And the bulk of my clothing falls into the range of mid to dark colors, so nothing's likely to stain.  Now, if I'm going to be doing heavier housework (e.g. scrubbing the bathtub, deep-cleaning the stove, anything gardening, anything involving bleach or paint), I'll put on old sweatpants and a tee. But that's the exception rather than the rule.	episode_done:True
text:This. A few years ago I ran into a guy I knew from high school at a party and he drunkenly told me that everyone was always wondering what my body looked like because I wore so many layers that no one could tell.  First of all, "everyone" was clearly just this dude and second of all, muahahahaha my plan worked.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Tailoring as a lifestyle choice - Suiting in The Crown	labels:In the age of WFH, what if men just started really living in their tailoring? Hands thrust in pockets, lounging on a picnic blanket, feet up binging Netflix?  An interesting thought exists that as mens casual wear became more acceptable that suiting became more structured and stiff. Thoughts?
text:What can I wear when I have a medical issue that makes my waistline change a lot?	labels:Built-in sinch waist pants! Off the top, Gramicci G-Pants are a favorite and Patagonia has some offerings.	episode_done:True
text:What age did you start pinning down your style? And how many times has it changed since then?	labels:Changes all the time. I’m 36. Thought I was preppy a couple years ago. Athletic before that. Now mostly secondhand and vintage and oversized and I’m good with that. You have permission to change your taste and look! Fashion is fun, style is you ☺️	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge: Corduroy	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I have nothing to add except for the fact that as someone who graduated high school in 2013, yall were the BLUEPRINT. I have this (not exactly groundbreaking) theory that whatever the teenagers were wearing when you were a kid is influential to who you are as a person. Lizzie McGuire, Mean Girls, Paris Hilton were who I wanted to BE in the 2000s as a kid lol. Now as a 26 year old I'm reading these comments about girls who wore long silky camis and super low rise jeans to frat parties and honestly yall still somehow sound so cool to me (even though I already went through that phase wearing the mid-2010 crop tops + high waisted jeans trend)!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Have people in your are eschewed down parkas for puffer jackets instead?	labels:I think the puffer looks sick and have seen a lot in East Asia even from the prior decade  In my area (SF bay area) the weather is not as cold, I think knits are more common here. Maybe a light down jacket once in a while, but definitely not the same as what you would see in Asia	episode_done:True
text:How much? I’ll have to let you know cause really the rips were the big draw for me	labels:Haha whatever you think is a fair price. Other pants were 80 and that seems like a reasonable ask. no pressure :)
text:Let's talk the impact of fragrance on perception of style! How much does a person's fragrance affect your impression of them? Do you choose perfume with this in mind? What are some of your favourites?	labels:i actually love louis vuitton perfumes. i think the price tag is ridiculous, but i have a ton of those freebie spritzers and i use them a lot.   california dream and heures d’absence are my two favorites. both are sweet and floral-y. they are definite “summertime cotton dress” perfumes but they work so well as an everyday perfume.	episode_done:True
text:The best plain t-shirt video guide — 11 t-shirts bought and tested	labels:Thanks - this is really helpful	episode_done:True
text:Do you think that designer brands will no longer be as sought after in the future?	labels:No. Like Borowitz said someone has to buy designer items in order for it to end up on the secondhand market.   There will always be a market for designer/luxury rtw, handbags, shoes & accessories as long as rich & wealthy people exist. The luxury market is not trying to appeal to everyone; they don't have to work hard to do so. I think that's reflected in FFA being repulsed by logos while not really being aware that for the most part LV, Balenciaga, & Gucci have been focusing on Asian markets and it worked.	episode_done:True
text:DIY. Carry-on/weekender leather duffle bag	labels:Damn, I would rock this	episode_done:True
text:Shoulders are basically impossible to tailor but you should be able to let it out a little bit in the body if it's decently made (maybe about an inch)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I feel this. My hair is super curly which generally looks good without a ton of effort, but I can’t do any fun styles or anything with it really. Grass is greener I suppose.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:A post-fitbattle thread could be nice	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I second this! I made a note in my phone with all of my measurements and it's saved me a lot of time and money. Before I buy anything I compare my measurements with the websites size guide (I do it for each individual item) and select whatever size *they* have listed for my measurements.   These are measurements I keep personally:  Height Bust Band Waits Hips Hollow to Hemlines  Hollow to floor  Inseam:   For some of these (mainly bottoms) I jotted down my true measurements using a tape measurer and also took measurements of jeans that I already had that fit well.	labels:I did that too, but I don't have all of these. What are the hollow ones?
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 04, 2020	labels:I've lost 30 lbs since August, plan on donating all my clothes and buying a new wardrobe. Where do I start to learn about men's fashion? Where should I shop and why? I don't have a style in mind, open to anything.
text:Well, but different things last different people different lengths of time, so it's hard to guess at value in advance that way.  And then... maybe you like the way your denim ages over time, but hate the way your dress shoes age over time. Or maybe you like the way your C&J chukkas ripple over decades but still look sleek and clean with proper care, but you hate the way your suede cdbs with crepe soles look after a year of wear. The CDBs are still wearable, they still "last," but you just don't get the same enjoyment out of them at that point.  Or maybe you get a rolex, and sell it four years later at the same price you bought it for... which is terrible, from an investment perspective, so you can do some math to see what you really lost, and compare that to the price of just getting a cheap tissot every few years, and compare the pleasure you get from those options.  There are a thousand ways to complicate the math, but it's really only serving to give you persepctive.	labels:Agree. I think you just need a program that works for you. I like to look at value per year (use is similar across items I have) but somebody else might look for something completely different.	episode_done:True
text:Who is your ultimate style icon?	labels:Meghan Markle	episode_done:True
text:Haha yeah it's amazing to see how extreme people get.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:BoF: J. Crew's New CEO has a Survival Plan: Edit out the Ugly	labels:i just feel like their price points are so high and the quality can be kind of mediocre. they’re stuck in a weird place where their pricing is too expensive for the average consumer who’s trained to expect bargains and too cheap for someone who buys luxury or higher end pieces.   even with their random extra 50% off sales, it’s still above what people expect to pay. but then again, madewell is thriving. (though i think that has more to do with being able to capture an on-trend aesthetic.)
text:I've taken 566 outfit photos over 4 years (my style from mid-20s to 30)	labels:I love this post! I'm about your age (turned 30 at the start of the pandemic lol), and have gone through similar spending sprees at various times. Such good timing to read this, since I started a new job and I'm tempted to spend recklessly again. Your photos are also great inspiration. Thank you for taking the time to document all of this!	episode_done:True
text:Black Denim Jacket Inspo Album	labels:Anyone know which one Zac Efron is wearing in this?	episode_done:True
text:How would you style or rebuild your wardrobe around your holy grail fashion piece?	labels:I’ve always wanted a satin slip dress that is on the longer side. I feel like it could be so cute and versatile and ideal for layering; I especially love the idea of layering a turtleneck underneath. The cut of the dress would be on the looser side but not entering potato sack territory. Unfortunately although they seem to be trendy my body type said no ❤️ so I’m still searching for one.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 04, 2020	labels:Question about how a pair of Chelsea boots should feel  My girlfriend gifted me a pair of Chelsea boots for my birthday, but I feel they are a bit too big (size 9.5) which is weird since my usual shoe size is 9.5 and 10 for running shoes. The left foot felt a bit too big at the begging, but i became a bit used to it, but the right foot almost definitely is bigger than I would like too.  Should I go half a size down? Considering that the boots should become a bit loose over time.
text:Shitpost Saturday: Advice on Learning How to Hate Fashion	labels:From my personal experience, learning how to hate fashion is easy. You just need to realize that you're ugly and there's nothing any stupid clothes can do about that. Once you have this solid foundation nailed down, hating fashion (and anyone fashionable) comes naturally.
text:my all-black eDgY WiTcHy gOtH capsule wardrobe	labels:Moira Rose vibes forever!!
text:Trans-friendly fashion and brands?	labels:I'm not coming at this from an ethical perspective, so it is fast fashion. but I've had really positive experiences at Aerie (also transfem, not really passing). employees have been really helpful and no one bats an eye	episode_done:True
text:[Inspiration] Pearls	labels:Wow thank you so much for this, I was given a strand of pearls by someone who would very much like me to be prim.and feminine so I was planning on looking for very opposite styling.	episode_done:True
text:Recent Purchases - November 01	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What to do when nothing fits you properly?	labels:Sometimes, it can be useful to remember that the clothes aren't working for your body - it's NOT that your body isn't working in the clothes. :)	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 29, 2020	labels:Looking for a leather clutch or pouch that can fit an iPad Air 4th gen with a pen and AirPods case. I've had a look at the Acne and CDG pouches, they look perfect but unsure about the dimensions. Please lemme know if anyone uses a pouch and if so which one. Merci beaucoup!	episode_done:True
text:Thank you for taking over man!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do you style your existing wardrobe in a way that doesn’t get boring?	labels:I play in my closet a lot. Just take a Saturday and try on different combinations. Layering really helps too and trying out different color combinations. And of course I use Pinterest and IG for inspiration, I really like what the women wear at Fashion Weeks so I try to re-create those looks. I follow style that's like mine and then of course where I aspire to be or just that I find interesting and different.	episode_done:True
text:Amazing! What a cool inspo!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- November 04	labels:Dark brown bag with black chelsea boots? Yay or nay? I need a versatile briefcase, i liked the brown zara bag but i need to know if that can go along with my black boots. Thank you.
text:What are the most recommended items of this subreddit?	labels:Reigning Champ sweatshirts definitely have to be up there on the list
text:Favorite fashion impracticalities	labels:Big statement sleeves. Bell, tulip, bishop, balloon, puff sleeves, big cuffs, ruffles what have you, that never fit into a coat, can't be rolled up, get in the way of washing your hands, dipping into your food. But damn if they don't add immediate interest to an outfit.
text:No Cop January - End of the Month Check In	labels:Failed miserably and had a great time!
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Food Inspired	labels:14 -17 really went all-in on the theme and I love it
text:> GA, PA, and NC yet.  The nice thing is he doesn't *need* any of those states. AZ, NV, WI, and MI will do it. I think it's unlikely Biden wins PA or GA personally.	labels:Apparently AZ is tricky, but GA or NC could replace it.  I'm pretty sure there was still one tie scenario left on the table	episode_done:True
text:Does the way you dress really have to have a label for it??	labels:No, no, no and no. I hate the aesthetic thing. Buying things bc 'they fit in with my aesthetic' and not bc you like them is weird to me. You can be all of those styles all at once. I love having a grungy girl moment, a colourful LOOKATMENOW moment, a classy neutral I'm a big girl moment and a floaty yes I am a fairy and I just tiptoe about in pretty midi dresses moment.
text:I totally agree that monstera prints are overdone and are a fad that will go away eventually.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The joy of cordovan—and how to wear and maintain it	labels:Cordovan is an Instagram dream - it’s lustrous and has a ton of color depth. Unfortunately I find  actually wearing it is a different story. It’s extremely stiff and inflexible, especially during the first 20-30 wears. It’s the coldest leather I’ve ever worn (like my feet are freezing even with medium wool socks). On the flip side, they are super warm in anything over 75 degrees so I avoid them in summer. Spotting in the rain is incredibly annoying so I’ve just avoided wearing them in high temps, whereas my calf boots are completely fine in summer. Also, they are on dainite soles which are terrible in winter snow or slush.   I’m glad I own a pair of color 8 Alden 986, and my Viberg bourbon shell service boots. They are great for certain occasions. But in sum, I have a pair of ~$1300 boots that I generally can wear between 40-75 degrees Fahrenheit when there’s no precipitation or inclement weather. Keep that in mind before you jump into the shell world.
text:What do YOU do with "chub rub" jeans?	labels:I just relegate them to yard mowing and embarrassing my kids in home depot duty	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 14, 2020	labels:Anyone have any recommendations for white all leather sneakers in wide?	episode_done:True
text:Your 2021 trend predictions?	labels:i think fancy loungewear is going to keep being a thing for a while, and 70s style maxi dresses too for the long, flowing, glam-but-comfy thing, but once the pandemic is over i could see things going the opposite way and super structured, tailored pieces become more fashionable. i definitely think that when we can safely go out again maximalism will be big - lots and lots of accessories, chunky jewellery, sequins and glitter.
text:John Marin	labels:	episode_done:True
text:but I didn't pay it when I bought it. Maybe it's factored in into the price of the goods. But it's still way cheaper	labels:I looked into it a bit more and it seems that if you live in the US, you can spend up to $800 without import taxes! Lucky...in the UK the limit is £15...
text:no, the only thing timeless about chucks and a suit is that it will always look corny.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Revisiting Fall/Winter Favorites: N1 Deck Jackets pt2	labels:There's one I like a lot which unfortunately is out of my budget, admittedly though if I could get it then budget be damned. It's lined with mouton wool and I live in the PNW I got a chance to try one on one summer and it felt rather warm which had me a bit concerned it might be more suited for much colder weather (I mean, no shit since I was indoors on a not fall/winter day of course it'll feel a bit warm). I'm just wondering if my intuition was right on that.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 30, 2020	labels:<rant>  If I said "Wear cropped jackets so you look taller" I'd be laughed out of the room but somehow "Short people shouldn't wear long coats" is a valid thing?   Also what's defined as short? If someone is 5'7" do they get to wear long coats? What if they're 5'7.5"??  It also throws the idea out the window of the whole horizontal breaks thing that people complain about for cropped trousers or high-waisted pants. Suddenly you have a wonderful garment type that can give you long, **tall**, and elegant lines and it's impossible to wear.   People complain all the damn time about menswear being too "restrictive" and women's wear being more "exciting" but everyone is too much of a wimp to wear a ~ L O N G C O A T ~.  I fucking hate fashion "rules" and "guidelines" and literally everything having to do with the word "flattering". If you care so much about these gender norms, masculinity and being ~ flattering ~ then sack up and wear the clothes you like.   That whole thread is just people saying that someone else told them they couldn't *wear a coat* so what should they do? Oh idk. How about tell them to fuck off and wear the damn coat.  </rant>
text:Inspo Album: The Fun Coats Club	labels:I love fun coats, but most of the fun coats I come across won’t actually keep me warm walking to the train during January in Chicago	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 13, 2021	labels:The king is dead. Length is but a means to be longline or cropped or cuffed or stacked. All shoulders are raglan. Chest is where I put my delicate knits for safekeeping from the prying mouths of intrepid moths.    Measurements are pathetic quantifiers of a qualitative experience. The extra inches will drape from my anatomy pleasingly, like a banner proclaiming that fit's regime has been toppled dancing in the victorious breeze. M and L and 2 and 3 are guidance enough (S and 1 being made only for the woodland sprites who derive disgusting sustenance from their plentiful options on Y!JP).   While your tailor sleepily shaves another inconsequential centimeter from your shirt sleeve, mine envelop my hands, sheltering the delicate palmskin from the sear of a tea- filled mug. While you salve your chafed thighs from those jeans that "just need to break in", my pendulum swings within its harem, emancipated from the confines of low rises.   Will you hear the call of my silhouette, and learn how to breathe? Or will you continue to ride up the crevasses behind the aging corpse of the old king?   The post-fit era is upon us.
text:Any advice for overcoming self consciousness/self doubt when you're trying to step out of your comfort zone and expand your style?	labels:I don't think it's strange to feel that way! I tend to have a very eclectic style and enjoy trying out new unique/vintage charity shop finds, and this is something I've always struggled a little with.  This is one of these things where it just depends on whether you fit the occasion practically. For example, if you turn up to play a rugby game in stilettos, or go out into a snowstorm with just a cardigan, that's not a good idea. But is there any *practical* reason why you can't dress up a little more for drinks with friends?  With looks I'm less confidwnt on, I tend to go for practice runs first - that usually means just wearing it to the supermarket or to run errands where I'm not likely to see anyone I know, so I didn't have to worry about people's preconceptions. Sometimes I just try them on in my room and have a little dance party to some funky music, and that's still a way of getting used to seeing yourself in something!  There's always going to be someone who makes a comment about how you're 'very dressed up', or similar. These comments aren't usually even meant to be rude, but they often play into the little outfit insecurities that you already have! But the best part about this is that these kinds of comments get old pretty fast.  For every person who thinks you aren't standing out in a good way, there's going to be 10 people who admire your style and wished they could be as brave, even if they probably don't vocalise it. I can think of countless times where I saw an outfit I liked on a friend or stranger, but didn't actually say anything about it!	episode_done:True
text:Search fair isle sweaters.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:2020 Gift Megathread	labels:What do y’all get the men in your life? My brother, dad, brother in law and godfather are incredibly hard to shop for (brother and brother in law are 30s, dad and godfather are 60s).  EDIT: Thanks for the suggestions everyone. Socks, headphones and booze seem like they'd work best for my guys so far :)
text:I could just search it I guess but I’m asking for a link anyways haha	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Does change in climate = change in style?	labels:I think it did for me, however im trying to fix that. Id say my style in general is feminine/pretty and dressy. The weather in one location was mainly rainy, but also had alot of hills. So I ended up wearing jeans, a sweater/shirt and trainers for the majority of my duration there, unless I was going out. In that case, my style showed through more. Ive now moved back to my home country which has all seasons. During the summer, its hot so im normally in a feminine, flowy dress, but once winter hits, its just way too cold lol. Ill kind of go back to swearing jeans, a sweater and boots, but try to style it with more accessories (colorful scarf or a checkered jacket with some mid sized earrings). I bought a pair of knee high boots, a skirt and a couple thicker winter dresses this year to push myself to maintain my style whilst staying warm. We shall see if I stick to it, lol.	episode_done:True
text:That's actually really helpful! How do you suggest finding my style? I feel like I have such a wide style that I wear (minimal, to punk, to cutesy, etc). I feel like I love all of my clothes but some go months without being worn.	labels:A more direct answer to your question, and something that may help you cull your closet, is through a lot of self reflection and analysis.   Personal style exists at the intersection of life function and self expression. Clothing is the way you define yourself to the world, but is also integral in how well you function in that world. What purposes do you need your clothing to fulfill— do you need to have good pockets? Easy movement? Hypoallergenic fabrics? Do you have a work uniform? What do you want your clothing to say about yourself to others?   Of the things in your closet right now, what do you love? Why do you love it? Is it the texture of the fabric? The construction? Certain stylistic elements? The way it fits you? Get really specific, put it on and think about the fact that you’re wearing it as you’re going about your day and how you feel in it and why.    Keep going: What do you wear all the time? Why do you wear it all the time over other things? What do you hate? Why do you hate it? What do you never wear? Why not? What clothing do you hate but wear all the time or love but never wear and why? Spend a lot of time on these questions because they’ll help you put the language to your needs and wants. When you have some answers, then you can start searching for trends amongst the things you love and the things you hate, and learning the details of clothing and construction that will best help you hone in on what you like. Review fabric composition; find your color trends; learn the names of structural elements that you see in several garments you love or hate; this will all help you seek out or avoid those better in the future.   Once you have some of those answers you can pointedly look for pieces to replace those that you hate but wear all the time with ones you love that align better with your needs or preferences, and you can cull accordingly.   Developing personal style is a journey and one in which there are no wrong answers. Your clothing should serve your wants and your needs.	episode_done:True
text:Recreating Pinterest outfits.	labels:I’m so glad this is a thing!  I stalk my daughters Pinterest boards when I’m shopping for gifts for her. I’ll be in the thrift store holding up a shirt next to my phone to see if it’s similar enough!
text:It's not fashion limbo as much as with the internet, fashion is becoming less cyclical and more of certain things staying popular in certain circles. Things selling out and not coming back in stock could just be that it's this time of year, when FW stocks are getting low and SS collections have yet to be released.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I've seen your 5k time, I think you're safe w/r/t outrunning	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Michel Foucault's Iconic Style Evolution	labels:Yes, love to respect the fits of a paedophile-supporter	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 12, 2020	labels:"[visually] small muscles = unfit" and "what good is it being able to run for hours if you're slow and can't outrun anything" have really made me laugh today.
text:hang in there, we'll be here when you're ready :)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone else wear one brand only?	labels:Almost exclusively wear Universal Standard and Eloquii since I know how their clothes will fit me.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 01, 2021	labels:Been listening to MF DOOM all morning. rip
text:Buy Sell Thread - November 16, 2020	labels:This is a friendly reminder to only post links from Grailed, Ebay, Depop, and similar reputable platforms.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/malefashionadvice) if you have any questions or concerns.*	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Beauty is Pain	labels:I go old school by making my corsets with actual human bones. Now I am ethical so mine are reclaimed grave bones of my size (or smaller to give me motivation to be slimmer).   I adore vintage fashion so the corsets etc 'donors' have died the original time the style was invented. This also involves some really good back to the land shovelling.  That sounds hard, but that's authenticity baby.    Also if it is a great outfit I take it. #upcycling #environment #ecofashion	episode_done:True
text:Hey all you cool cats and kittens	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Yup that’s how I do it as well. I love the high waisted jeans from Madewell and I’m short torso’d so that’s saying something.... 👍🏻	labels:	episode_done:True
text:You know how audiophiles all make jokes about how meaningless the terms used to describe sound are because sound is so hard to define in that way? Same thing here, “warm” and “cold” are very loose terms that probably mean something a little different to everyone.   I can see the argument for grey and cream being cold, brown can be warm or cold depending on the shade, not sure if I’d agree with black.	labels:Now *that's* an argument I understand. Although I still think the way he's communicating is strange. I think he means tonally neutral, bland, desaturated colors. "Cold" is a really strange way to say that, whether or not the term is technically ambiguous.
text:Thank you, i actually need to do some DIY but vie been a little lazy and with the holidays i don't think ill be doing it any time soon.. I haven't found a good place to buy cool patches yet other than Esty, do you know any good places to find them?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 03	labels:I took today off to vote and hang with my friend I haven't seen in years it should be fun lol	episode_done:True
text:There is no unmarked woman	labels:Thank you for posting this, I hadn't seen this article before. Love seeing this kind of thoughtful discussion here.	episode_done:True
text:How do you handle budget increases when it comes to clothes? (ex. going from student to working professional)	labels:When I had to buy business/work clothes, I invested in a really nice, fitted black suit, a couple of collared shirts, and a pair of flats. Those were my basic essentials that I knew I could mix and match with a lot of stuff. Everything else I picked up at Goodwill.   My coworkers commented on my cute clothes so I think it was a great strategy. I collected a pretty huge work closet for practically pennies.  After that, I've never had a clothing budget. My closet is a pretty good deterrent of overspending because I hate clutter and I hate having a crammed closet so if I think I dont have room and an item I'm looking at isn't worth creating room in my closet, I dont buy it.	episode_done:True
text:I have this really comfy jumper with massive sleeves and it’s a nightmare if I wear it when we’re trying to play a board game. I reach across the board and all the pieces get swept away by my unstoppable sleeves.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:ModCloth Returns to “Independent” Ownership	labels:I always want to want to love ModCloth but they’re so expensive and so *inconsistent*. You knew how things were going to fit or what the quality was. I know things came from all over designer wise so it’s hard to really control for size that way but it was still frustrating as the consumer. Post Walmart acquisition the quality absolutely went down and their pieces really lost that kinda retro funk they were known for. I still pop by once in awhile, maybe things will turn around for them again	episode_done:True
text:Scene / Emo / Goth fashion in 2020	labels:Aside from graphic tees (which I've learned to make on my own now, but its a money sink unless you can find buyers to supplment it) almost everything I and my friends did in our youths were DIY. We added our own studs, spikes, zippers, straps, belts, etc. Obviously adding a pocket would require a little extra but it was possible and within a few tries you'd be golden. Adding patches, fabric strips and other misc. items and using fabric inks went a long way. One of our friends even started fabricating her own jeans.  We were into punk fashion though, so not sure how much of this advice applies to what you're looking for.  The best way to get what you want is to make it. Though there are some elaborate apparel items (like a victorian-inspired goth coat) that would be better off buying... but DIY will be a LOT cheaper and produce exactly what you want if you're capable.
text:> 495x5 on deadlifts  Jesus that's awesome! Congrats man!!!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Let's talk about sneakers	labels:It's may not be a popular one but for everyday sneakers the only ones I wear are Adidas Gazelles, I have them in a couple colors.  They fit my foot perfectly and I always love the look of them!	episode_done:True
text:Don’t L.L. Bean and Lands Ends have guarantees on their bags? I know Jansport did when they were super popular.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I second this! I stan Abercrombie and Fitch. Their jeans are quality!!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What do you think are the pieces of jewelry everyone should own?	labels:I don’t know about “everyone should own,” but I have a pair of square opal studs that I wear allll the time. The white goes with everything, the colored specks add interest, the shape is unique, and they don’t look as fancy as pearls. I can wear them grocery shopping or to an event. I love opals so much!
text:Best of Techwearclothing 2020	labels:I’m suddenly feeling the urge to play The Division.  Love the fits.	episode_done:True
text:People with crazy hair, how do you plan your outfits to go with your hair color?	labels:I’ve found it helpful to go by color families/temperature: warm, cool, neon, natural, etc.	episode_done:True
text:Hair accessories - professional or should be saved for casual environments?	labels:I struggle with this because I have a wavy bob and some days my waves need some reigning in.  I try to find pieces that are simple and won't make me look too young.  Simple barrettes and headbands are my go to.  I am a college teacher so it's business casual.	episode_done:True
text:I do this too for my nicer pieces but there are some made of certain fabric that gets so stiff and no longer soft if you air dry it. Does anyone know how to make these types of fabrics that stiffen up without a dryer soft when they dry? I do admit, I don't use fabric softener when I wash so maybe that can be some help.	labels:I use a shared facility so the dryers are already covered in fabric softener residue (enough to make my skin break out into hives).    Stiffness is not an issue for me.  I'm used to it.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 25, 2020	labels:Happy Crysler, may you obtain all your grails and jawnz this year.	episode_done:True
text:This is such great advice. Not only does it help one get more comfortable with dressing up, it's just good fashion sense.  The 'why are you dressed up comments' I think are a function of location. Where I am and the places I go I get way more compliments on my outfit than questions why I'm dressed up. I think it would be a bit more difficult if you live in an area where everyone is super casual. But hey, maybe you'll inspire others!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:It's all relatively safe.. I feel like I've fallen into a similar pattern as a rejection of how much of a meme a lot of fashion seems to have become (on social media anyways..). Wondering if that plays into current styles, ex. the Evan Kinori vibe. Classic, cozy, low key but still fire... safe (for now) from being bastardized by H&M and Uniqlo	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I like the little purses! So practical for everyone young and old urban and rural!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Those hems never got clean no matter how many times you washed them.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Fast Fashion: What are your wardrobe all-stars?	labels:Most of what I wear is thrifted fast fashion. My faves are a button-up banana print shirt from Forever 21, a Smokey the Bear sweatshirt from Target, and thrifted Fashion Nova pants(finding pants that fit is really hard for me). Any clothes that I get complimented on are from Target	episode_done:True
text:Recent Purchases - November 22, 2020	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The Style Blogger Index: finding people who are the same size as you	labels:Oh my gosh I'm so happy to see this here! I created this because of FFA! I hope you enjoy it ❤️  P.S. just a note that the size twin app is going to be updated in the next week or so -- it's very out of date. If you follow me on IG that's the easiest way to hear about updates, but I can edit this comment when it's refreshed, too!   **(11/30 update if anybody is still reading -- the app is updated!)**  Edit: since so many of you are finding the tool mostly useless, I just wanted to say that the goal was to create something that would help you find fashion inspo from people who are more similar in size to you than a fashion model in a magazine.  Of course it's impossible to get an exact body double from just 3 measurements, but that's what the standard is, and that's what I could reasonably expect the average person to know about themselves. I have to make sure that the barrier to entry is very low. The more people can join this index, the more useful it is. Please remember that I offer this tool completely for free, that I don't work in the fashion industry, and that I don't have any background in the industry (fashion, data, or web design). I just wanted to do something helpful for the community. I will try my best to make as many improvements as I can over time, but I have very limited resources, and maintaining it is quite a lot of effort as is. Sorry, all!
text:Casual Fridays - What do you like to wear?	labels:I work in local government so we’re on the casual end of business casual most days. On Friday I usually wear cute jeans and tshirt with the city logo on it. Today that combo is paired with slip on keds and a cardigan.	episode_done:True
text:Topman is now a part of ASOS	labels:Yikes is now a part of Eww is all I heard lololol	episode_done:True
text:How do you guys who like a formal/business look manage to not look the same all the time?	labels:Adding on to the accessories comment which I think is good advice, you can do a couple theme days throughout the week. If most days you do black/grey/white, on "casual" Fridays wear tan. Or on Wednesdays curl your hair.
text:If you were a villain in a movie, what would you wear?	labels:I'd channel Angelina Jolie at the 2012 Oscars -- the infamous leg dress	episode_done:True
text:How do you actually incorporate colour in your wardrobe?	labels:You're kinda making a mountain out of a molehill here. It's not hard to wear colors. Relax about it. It's not a disaster if things clash slightly. You'll be fine. There are no fashion police.   My usual style is I get either brightly colored top or a bright bottom (or a bright dress). The other is relatively neutral to avoid clashing or being overwhelming. This is not a hard and fast rule. There are times when it's fine to break it. It's just a guideline for when I'm in a hurry.  Match saturation and brightness. Burgundy and plum are fine together because both are relatively saturated and dark. Pale pink and lavender work together. Burgundy and lavender are harder because they don't match in saturation and brightness. They aren't impossible to put together and look good but it's a bit harder.  You will not look good in some colors. This is 100% fine. Try things on. Figure out what makes you look awful. You can do this. It doesn't need any special knowledge.
text:Throwback Thursday: Revisiting "A Primer on Materials"	labels:I think it'd be worth mentioning the difference between the material and the construction/weave because it's easy to mix things up.   Like when people say something is smooth because it's silk, but really, it's smooth because it's satin. Just like how raw silk noil isn't smooth even though it's silk.
text:now I too want a pink tweed skirtsuit to wear with a turtleneck to give those dark academia meets clueless vibes! love the ideas	labels: I thought sabrina meets clueless! So we re in the same boat!	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge: Food Inspired - Submissions!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Never buy anything from FILA.com	labels:Hmmm. No offense but you should always read the cancellation and returns policy of any online shopping store before you buy something. You could try approaching PayPal.  Edit: Damn, y'all moan harder than a pornstar
text:How to Dress for Life at Home	labels:They go from "throwing on yesterdays jeans and a random t shirt dosnt cut it anymore" to "wear broken in workwear (jeans) and random summer attire"  I swear the only point of this article is to make people feel unhappy with their current wardrobe so they buy more stuff.
text:Is it disgusting to not wear socks with shoes?	labels:She's a jerk, but also it's better for the shoes if you wear no-show socks.
text:General Discussion - December 13, 2020	labels:Facebook being sued for being a monopoly is very cool to me. Zuckerbot is shaping societies history and self perception far too easily. And without checks and balances. I wish we could  actually hold a mirror up to the world to see how distanced we have become to reality, and how we are being personified by possessions & worldly philosphy.
text:Three brands only for the rest of your life. What’s yours and why?	labels:Margiela, Yohji and maybe Marni    Margiela is definitely number 1, I feel like I would have an extremely varied wardrobe if I only owned Margiela pieces.    Imo full Yohji fits are some of the coolest and most comfortable looking out there; plus there’s Y-3 for athleisure.    Marni is a little bit of a left field choice but I really enjoy their use of colour and prints. It would make the wardrobe much more fun.	episode_done:True
text:I just looked her up and wow!!! I love her style and aesthetic soso much. She’s gorgeous as well!! Thanks for sharing :))	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Somebody else loosing so much time to choose the right item to buy when looking for something? I feel it cost me more in time when I try to buy responsibly.	labels:Yeah, shopping responsibly and buying only from more sustainable/ethical brands can be frustrating and time consuming.   I've found having a go to list of brands I've purchased from before is a good way to narrow down a search. For one-off more specialist purchases, I start looking early and just accept it's going to take a while before I buy what I need.
text:What are you wearing for Halloween this year?	labels:I'm making a moth costume. Not a sexy moth, just a really big moth. I don't have anywhere to wear it and I don't really care. I'm doing it anyway.
text:Sock It To Me: Novelty Sock Appreciation Post	labels:I like them too, especially in wintertime. I have some from fridaysockco and blueQ.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 24, 2020	labels:trying to start up an instagram for waywt completely disconnected from my normal accounts  of course instagram is fucking creepy so you cannot create an account without it being instantly linked to friends/family on my main account  i do not need people from a decade ago commenting on my clothing. damn you instagram
text:Review your winter 2020/2021 outerwear: how did your coats and sweaters hold up this season? Would you recommend your specific brand to someone looking for warm layers. Did you add anything new to your winter wardrobe that stands out?	labels:The Aritzia long snow parka has been a Godsend. I loooove it. For context I'm in New England and winter has been a little rough for a couple of weeks here (-18F, yikes), but with the coat on I feel nothing. So much warmer with it than with my North Face long parka.	episode_done:True
text:where the pic @	labels:	episode_done:True
text:No, it’s fine	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Inspiration has to come from somewhere: The Burglyfe	labels:I like to think that this album served as the inspiration behind the infamous Rick Owens cheeseburger	episode_done:True
text:Now these are some shit-posty suggestions.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Shopping for clothing items you already own: confessions of an outfit repeater	labels:My issue is I buy 80 percent of my wardrobe from thrift stores. Most of the items haven't been sold for years or have been "updated and improved" so even when I think I found a duplicate it's slightly off. But when I find something I love and buy it brand new I always buy two!	episode_done:True
text:My incomplete guide for buying less in 2021	labels:Nice guide. Maybe for the inspiration board to also add in a visual inventory. I easily forget what I have already which feeds into temptation. Color scheme. What else feeds temptations? Trends and scared of not seeing it again. I would say if you love a piece immediately then buy it but don't take tag off. Try it out in real life first.  Also tastes change. Like I went from utility pants to wearing and liking tight jeans then back to wanting more room except I don't have any. So having an open minded/ wardrobe with pieces to take you out of comfort zone, not too far, wouldn't hurt.	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: the Festival of Clothing	labels:Three nubbly sweaters from Sears that we bought when I was twelve -- that is twenty-two entire years ago -- must be made of mithril, because they are still pretty much what they were back then. Incidentally, their boxy fit is right on trend!	episode_done:True
text:18 East October 2020 Winter Lookbook	labels:One of my favorite drops of theirs so far. The print corduroy patches are great, I might try to pick up one of the fleeces	episode_done:True
text::~) good 2 know	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Lessons from a Year of No New Clothes	labels:With sales, I am working to remind myself that it is cheaper to buy nothing at all.  I have considered challenging myself to a no buy with one exception - I can make things. I love knitting and sewing and I’ve really enjoyed creating items to wear. However it is so easy to buy fabric for the same reasons you listed above. My goal is to be thoughtful in what I make, also focus on making things for other people. I can still fulfill that creative drive that way.	episode_done:True
text:With bikini tan lines and now cut outs people naked are going to be looking geometric.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The Queen’s Gambit Inspo Album	labels:I was so sad when I reached the final ep, I wanted more it was so good.	episode_done:True
text:Rick Owens Wearing Rick Owens	labels:I don't own a single piece of his clothing, and I probably never will, but one of the quotes attributed to him that really stuck with me when I first started browsing mfa was "No outfit is going to make you look or feel as good as having a fit body. Buy less clothing and go to the gym instead." He was right.
text:World's Fashion Brands Leave Workers & Factories Unpaid, Amid COVID-19.	labels:My employer has been underpaying me for the last 15 years. Can I demand back pay too?
text:Is Y2K fashion coming back organically or is it a result of progressing the 90's comeback to the next decade since that trend seemed to work out?	labels:Fashion is a 20-ish year cycle because that is enough time for the trendsetters to admire what they were never a part of.
text:Sometimes I want to know what’s happened to someone to be like this  and check their comment history. Easily more than half of them are *very* active in some toxic community. It’s funny at first, then sad.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:You can't just throw this out like that and not post any fit to let us get an idea of what you mean ahahah	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I also live in the same world of a long velvet dress being a basic, and I’m in FL lol	labels:	episode_done:True
text:My man, just wear a classic beater. Even under a regular tshirt they improve how the fit looks.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Dr. Biden's embroidered Oscar de la Renta Dress was beautiful - What's your favorite brand that utilizes embroidery? (or your holy grail embroidered piece)	labels:I have an extensive collection of unframed needlework (both embroidery and crewelwork) that was passed on to me. I'm considering putting one onto the back of a denim jacket, but don't want to ruin the needlework. I'm very torn about it. I think if I take proper care laundering, it'll be ok.
text:Deceptive Marketing Practices by Fashion Companies	labels:I was a fabletics member for close to a year. I mostly liked their stuff but the quality was extremely variable. For the membership, they do give you an option to login to your account and either make a purchase of any amount or skip the month, otherwise you’d get charged $49.99 that you can use for store credit. I had a reminder set to skip and so most months I didn’t spend any money, but one month I forgot and got charged. I was so mad that I cancelled right away (which was easier than I worried it would be). In hindsight, I don’t like this set up and wouldn’t sign up for another rewards service that has a risk of being charged. I just want to buy (or not buy) things when I need them and not have it be dictated by needing to get something by a certain date. I don’t know of many brands offhand that have this kind of thing, so hopefully it’s not going to become the new norm.	episode_done:True
text:Can you build a wardrobe off Amazon?	labels:A huge chunk of my wardrobe is built out from Amazon. I add everything to a list, and wait until Amazon's algorithms decide they need to sell it for $6. They also offer Tall sizes on quite a lot of items, which is great for having sleeves that fit.  Uniqlo for jeans, Amazon's Peak Velocity brand for Tshirts, and Goodthreads for everything else is what I would do if I had to start from Scratch.  If there's a certain type of item your looking for, feel free to ask for recommendations and I can send you a link to what I'd look at.
text:FAQ: How do I pick the right size buying online?	labels:To add on to what has already been said about measurements.  Having a trusted tailor.  Knowing what realistically can be altered about a garment and, then factoring that alternation into the cost of purchase can help a lot with making online clothing purchases.	episode_done:True
text:Small Interesting Brands That You Should Follow	labels:I really like those Joyce digs. I'm gonna have to keep an eye on them.
text:If you don’t mind synthetics, New York & Co has bootcut pull on pants that I love for work. They even come in short and tall sizes. Unfortunately, fake pockets.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Can You Wear a T-Shirt Under a Blazer and Not Look Like an 1980s Leftover?	labels:I would argue that a slim fit bomber would be a better alternative to a blazer when worn over a t-shirt. Same purpose and kind of the same look but way less unusual.	episode_done:True
text:How to shop ThredUp and avoid the junk?	labels:Personally I don't care that ThredUp gives me very little money because I see their clean out bags as an effortless way to give clothes I don't want a new purpose. I'll have a bag of clothes lying around forever so I can “take it to goodwill” or “sell them on poshmark” but I never do. ThredUp either sells my clothes to a new owner or recycles them and maybe I even get a couple bucks out of it.
text:I need help with getting rid of clothes	labels:Hi! As a stylist I get this question ALOT. For starters don't get rid of too much before buying replacements. What ends up happening is we get rid of everything without establishing what pieces we actually need.   Start with establishing your personal style. What do your want your closet/style to be? What do you want to look like on the day to day?   Next, set aside pieces that don't fit you well. If there is potential to have the piece tailored then get that done. Key here is to just set these pieces aside but dont get rid of them yet until you find a replacement just in case you HAVE to wear it again.   Lastly is shopping! Now that you have a moodboard and list of things you need you can shop to fin in the gaps and more importantly you can shop with intention!   &#x200B;  I hope that wasn't too much and was helpful haha. I'm always happy to help.
text:You’re absolutely right! Most of the photos are from Portobello Market / Covent Garden / Piccadilly Circus area	labels:	episode_done:True
text:That sweater sounds amazing.  source: am mom.	labels:I really didn't appreciate her taste enough. One thing I did steal from her were a pair of earrings that are just dangling wooden parrots. I did like her Christmas party uniform, which was a long navy dress, a cream colored military style jacket, and block heeled sling backs.  The 90s really were a trip.
text:Song for the Mute Fall/Winter 2020	labels:i would wear all of this in a heartbeat	episode_done:True
text:Can we discuss how uncomfortable it can be to dress fashionably sometimes? Must beauty = pain? Looking for comfort tips!	labels:I think you can still look fashionable while ignoring heels etc.   I agree with you on heels, and my foot shape finds them quite uncomfortable, so unless they’re a platform or quite chunky (like with most booties), I just don’t do them.   Now, I personally love high waist (the higher the better, gimme that steve urkle shit 😂) but lower waist, softer fabrics, or even high quality leggings (like faux leather styles) will look much nicer than sweats.   Well-fitting basic t’s look great. They just need to fit properly across your shoulders and chest. Plenty of flat shoes exist that look nice. Vans, leather or leather-ish ballet flats, nice sneakers (e.g. New Balance or similar) with a well-tailored outfit.  Honestly a lot of it comes down to the fit of clothing, the FABRICS (I mean, put on anything pilled and it looks 🥴 immediately), and other styling elements like hair. Hair thrown into a ratty bun with sweats and uggs? Yeah I look sloppy. Straightened hair with joggers and vans? Now I look stylish! Ha.  ETA: that unfortunately body type also comes into play here. There have been quite a few posts detailing how basics look “timeless” and “stylish” on thin frames, and sloppy or unstylish on larger bodies. I thought I would throw this in there just in case, although I think most of my comments still apply regardless of body size!
text:Viberg Natural Shell & Grey Kangaroo - A quick update & pictures.	labels:Holy shit, I was interested in these until I looked them up and saw the price! Good looking shoes, though.
text:How many distinctly different outfits do you have?	labels:I also have a uniform!   My tops are usually either a black and white top or sweater. I have mostly skinny black pants and black skirts as bottoms. Even though they’re all Different to me I can imagine that they look the same to others.   I don’t particularly mind this because it feels like a signature look to me, and I think I look good in my outfits. To me, it just signifies that I know what I like and wear it on repeat! If you are happy with what you are wearing, I wouldn’t worry about trying to mix it up for the sake of mixing it up. I always think: do I, someone who likes clothing, remember what my officemate was wearing when I saw her two days ago? Nope! It’s probably safe to assume she doesn’t remember what I wore either. Heck, I don’t even remember what I was wearing myself.	episode_done:True
text:Junya Watanabe FW/2021	labels:Liking all that Fair Isle patterning, and I'm here for the orange buffalo-plaid.	episode_done:True
text:Hats and how to wear them	labels:If it's a small brimmed hat, I typically leave it on indoors.  All my wide brimmed hats are foldable and are pretty much only used when I'm mostly outdoors; I stuff them into my handbag when I'm indoors.
text:What's been your experience with men's stores/departments?	labels:I have shopped the men's department before and never had issues with sales associates. The biggest thing was once, they wouldn't let me in the dressing room and I had to go to one on another floor, because there were already men in there (but everyone had their own room and the only communal space was the mirror area? Like, not sure why it mattered, I ended up making the purchase at the register near the other dressing room and the guy lost a sale, which may have been petty but...I'd used that dressing room before with zero issue, so 🤷‍♀️) But I have had issues with some cuts of men's clothes--they aren't really cut for boobs and hips, so I had to get them tailored. There are some companies that do masculine/androgynous looks for those bodies, like Kirrin Finch, that might be worth checking out!	episode_done:True
text:Do you have any pieces that "should not" work with your body that just seems to work?	labels:I’m 5 feet tall, and literally everyone tells me not to wear jumpsuits and they won’t look good on me, but nothing makes me feel more confident than rocking one of my ~many~ jumpsuits
text:Google Launches Price Insights for Online Shopping. Track Prices for All Your Clothes.	labels:Hmm. I did a google shopping search for a pair of Mizunos and found the ones I wanted for $30 cheaper than most retailers. I ordered it from a place called runners inn. Well it took 2 months to get here and there customer service was terrible. And when I tracked it, it was coming from the Netherlands. I kept contacting them in chat and I would always be like 70th in queue!  It was awful. When I looked them up there BBB rating was something awful. I guess I should’ve researched the company first and just stick to reputable sites. I had another order in the same time frame coming from Lithuania and it got to me in 3 days. Another site though.
text:Building a sense of style and finding joy in fashion during a pandemic?	labels:Hi! 🤗 it’s deff been tough during the pandemic to find items that really feel unique. I’ve found a lot of inspiration from tiktok believe it or not! I’m 27 and I dress very alternative , but it’s refreshing to see what other people are doing with their style through the clips they post. If you are interested in second hand shopping, I’ve had some great luck using the Vinted app, it can take a while to do some searching but you can find some really great pieces , even new with tags. Try compiling some images of styles you like so you have a better idea of what you are looking for ! Hope this helps feel free to reach out 🌸	episode_done:True
text:Furthermore I don’t WANT to count total pieces. I probably own 7 black v neck sweaters, and twice that number in black sweaters total. (I wear them for work and since I work in foodservice I can’t get multiple wears out of them.) 🤷🏼‍♀️	labels:I have a bad habit buying sweaters. I'm always cold and my sweater wardrobe is one to match David Rose in Schitt's Creek	episode_done:True
text:Other than the conventional black/blue/white pants or trousers, what other colour pants or trousers do you own ? How do you style it ?	labels:I have beige/tan trousers. I style them with brown, or white, or black and white print, or grey. They can go with many neutrals.   I also have rust/brick color trousers that I normally style with other earth tones or white. I style them for both casual and business casual outfits.   Then I have two joggers from GAP that are yellow and also pink (as in Barbie pink)  and those go well with white or black and white stripe. These two colors are for casual outfits only.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 19	labels:I bought my first pair of chinos (as a 22y/o male... forgive me I went to ag college) and now my sister has gone from mocking my fashion sense to asking if I'm in the closet and whispering to Mom   will update if the priest gets called
text:100% agree.  It's just the perils of globalization unfortunately.	labels:Globalization, polyester, and seasonal fast-fashion.	episode_done:True
text:Who are your fashion idols?	labels:Kate Winslet - I unabashedly steal her style. And Katie Holmes. I think I'm aging myself with these answers.	episode_done:True
text:Do you feel constrained fashion-wise by not wanting to (or being able to) wear heels?	labels:I recently lived in Paris near some of the the biggest tourist attractions, and I would spot Instagram influencers daily. I’d say I’d see them change into heels about half the time. Some folks just commit, but it always stood out as unusual. Paris is not stiletto friendly. Although it’s seen as a formal city, compared to any American metropolis, footwear is casual and out wear is practical. That being said, a 2-3 inch heeled boot or bootie was not uncommon and along with sneakers, the norm.   My most memorable influencer sighting was a very glamorous woman in a tiny yellow dress and heels on a 40 degree (Fahrenheit) day taking pictures on a windy terrace, only to see her minutes later coming out of a public restroom in weather appropriate and casual attire.   I feel like this stuff is dependent on your own lifestyle, and the context of the city. My own comfort level with heels has changed significantly over the past decade, from wearing a heel everywhere, everyday to now owning one pair for parties.  As for non-heeled influencers: there are so many! What kind of style do you gravitative towards?
text:What clothing items have you reverted back to since WFH/quarantine?	labels:Sweatshirts that are 2 sizes too big and yoga/workout pants. Essentially, it’s my college wardrobe which works since I’m only 3 years out of college.
text:What types of dresses would it be practical to have on hand for common different wedding types?	labels:I would maybe get a dress for each season. You don’t want to go to a winter wedding in a summer dress and with so many weddings coming up there’s bound to be one in each season.
text:General Discussion - November 15, 2020	labels:Wife tested positive for covid. Now I sit in dread as I wait my symptoms to start. Every small itch in my throat or feeling of being slightly hot is giving me anxiety.   At least I don't have to go through this alone.
text:Can I see your casual natural-fabric outfits?	labels:Consider shopping for trousers at lapolicegear dot com - they have hundreds of styles of very sturdy clothes ,shirts too, many of which are 100 % cotton. If you can tolerate ~2% synthetic that's pretty popular too.   Other brands to consider are duluth trading company, and carhartt. High or full organic content, super long wearing, and able to handle rural living. I had a pair of carhartt jeans from 2003 ish that never wore out, i just gave them away in 2015 because I stopped wearing jeans, but they were still structurally nearly perfect.	episode_done:True
text:NYFW - Spring 2021 Roundup	labels:I have nothing of substance to contribute to this thread except to say that even though I'm very well acquainted with New York Fashion Week, my brain reads "NYFW" as "not yafe for work".   Every. Damn. Time.
text:Why Did Bottega Veneta Delete Its Social Media Accounts?	labels:Maybe they are suffering financially like almost all nonessential retailers, and there's no point in wasting money on advertising to people who right now won't be buying?
text:Styling suggestions: Have an item you don’t know how to wear? Comment here and let someone style it for you!	labels:oversized canary yellow button up (cotton im pretty sure)	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 05	labels:This time last year my entire wardrobe was black and navy. Now it's olive and navy. Is this progression?
text:Revisiting Fall Favorites: Barbour Jackets pt 3	labels:Perfect for looking like an Irish dad	episode_done:True
text:Has anyone just said screw it and focused more on fit than color scheme for your outfits? What's an unlikely color combination that you ended up loving?	labels:Beyond just colors, quarantine has let me mix all kinds of styles I wouldn't have put together a year ago. Tan leather mules with track pants? Yes, because I need to put on something to get the mail, but also it works somehow. Being able to experiment in this low-stakes environment has opened up all kinds of possibilities for me.	episode_done:True
text:My boyfriend got one for free from his job. I’m still jealous... but  I can at least borrow it whenever I want without too much repercussion....   And yes it’s amazing but I wish there was no logo. I don’t dislike Under Armour or even logos in general but I just feel weird about wearing a logo on my face.	labels:Yeah, I'd agree with you for any other garment. Particularly as I'm not a huge fan of underarmour as a brand.  But it's such an upgrade for an eleven hour shift wearing it, idgaf what it says.	episode_done:True
text:Madewell feels like it's a bit less expensive and has better sales than J. Crew but better quality as long as you're not just getting t-shirts there... I have Madewell sweaters that I've had for going on 5 years that are in regular rotation and look mostly new and yet my J Crew ones have holes or have stretched oddly.   Also seconding the sizing that someone else mentioned, I can order online with Madewell and almost guarantee that something will fit, but J Crew has been insanely inconsistent to the point where I just don't shop there anymore.	labels:> I have Madewell sweaters that I've had for going on 5 years that are in regular rotation   Ah... sigh... I had a handful of really awesome Jcrew sweaters purchased 20 years ago.... I grew out of them when I hit menopause but they were still going strong and I imagine someone thrifted them and is still wearing them to this day.....   Overall, quality has gone way way down everywhere.  ETA: as I think fondly of these sweaters, they were classic styles (cable knit t-necks) but in super rich, bright and vibrant colors. I miss those sweaters. I have not found anything close in 2 decades to replace, but as a petite my options are usually limited to black, grey, and just one trendy color that sells out super fast.	episode_done:True
text:What are your predictions for 2021 suit style?	labels:"End of Covid" lol
text:The inspiration of vintage leisure and sportswear	labels:wow its almost like Simon reads Street x Sprezza lol, its almost like his take on that tailoring-adjacent essay I wrote 2 years ago!   This is great! Hopefully more people understand that these ideas are cohesive and can be applied liberally to classic clothing of all formality types. Though I will say that it's important to remember era: Scott Fraser definitely takes inspiration from 50s-60s leisure wear whereas most of the ideas here are taken from 30s-40s photographs. There are small nuances to pay attention to, but overall its cool to take vintage inspo.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 02, 2021	labels:It seems that over time even with some of the better quality joggers the cuffs don't seem to hold up and they end up just getting loose and baggy. Is there anyway to either avoid this from happening or fix it when it does happen ?	episode_done:True
text:General Tips To Spice Up Wardrobe	labels:Start with using Pinterest and making a pin board of clothing that you see yourself wearing 🤟🏼
text:How do you guys find your style if you can’t try on clothes due to COVID?	labels:I only order from places with good return policies, I say earnestly as I await my second Aritzia package in three months.	episode_done:True
text:I tried wearing only 10 clothes for 10 days! Here are all my outfits	labels:Really cool individual pieces and love the vibe of the outfits :)	episode_done:True
text:Thank you for reading! Happy that I dodge another purchase.. Yep Ivory/winter white :)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What's your fashion miracle?	labels:I used to wear small diamond earrings every day, and would put them in my wallet when I went to the gym after work. I got to work the next day and realized I forgot to put them back in after the gym, so I opened up my wallet and they were gone. I had made my usual morning stop for breakfast on the way to work, so I rushed to the food cart and looked all over the sidewalk but I couldn’t find them.  At least 1-2 weeks later I went to the same food cart for breakfast, looked down, and saw one diamond earring in the crack in the sidewalk. I looked more closely and there was the other one! The metal was chewed up (they were bezel set) so I had to get them repaired, but it was a lot cheaper than a new pair!   Definitely my #1 fashion (jewelry?) miracle.
text:I felt the same thing! Like none of the answers felt right and all of the resulting body types were very idealized?	labels:They also, frankly, overuse the word flesh.
text:Yes, but what's your thoughts on graphic tees that use element abbreviations from the periodic table to spell out quirky words, fellow stem enthusiast?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Black Like Your Soul (and wardrobe) Friday	labels:That ugly wallpaper looking dress that’s on 90% discount had to be bought for $1000 so I unmasked myself in the middle of the rush to scare the elders away.	episode_done:True
text:How do you guys find your style if you can’t try on clothes due to COVID?	labels:I think you can still return clothing you buy at the store that you aren’t feeling once you try it on at home! So I would say buy the thing you want to try, try it on at home and if it doesn’t work out just take it back to the store. This might not be the case at every store, but at the stores around me they take returns no problem.	episode_done:True
text:MFA Brand MegaReview: Drake's | January 16, 2021	labels:# Makers  Drake's generally makes its own accessories, but not all of its apparel or footwear. We know some of the makers they use, so I thought it would be helpful to discuss that here.
text:God I love me a good pair of boots	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Commando has tights for tall people, but yeah, expensive. Their waistband is SUPER comfortable. But they are also kind of boring? They pretty much only have black and sometimes do nets, but never any colors. They are my holy grail of length though.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Textured Knits	labels:Could be a look book for Universal Works or YMC. Very good!	episode_done:True
text:A work shirt will generally have two chest pockets and be lighter weight in a fabric like chambray, or a lighter flannel/twill.   Overshirts and shirt jackets will tend to have flapped chest pockets and maybe hip pockets and be a little heavier - maybe moleskin or corduroy or heavier flannel.   A chore jacket will be heavier again - wool or heavy twill or canvas maybe, and classically have two patch hip pockets and an external patch chest pocket and an internal chest pocket. Chore jackets will normally be cut much boxier too, and will have plain instead of button cuffs.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:A Basic Guide to Useful Knitwear	labels:Anybody have a recommendation for a black cable knit sweater?	episode_done:True
text:If you do not post fit, you cannot talk shit.  The most sacred rule of fashion forum never been upheld here.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Remote Business Casual	labels:Can you buy a few sweaters to throw on for meetings? I have 3-4 sweaters in my home office. I wear whatever I want (typically t-shirts and pj pants) for most of the day, but throw on one of my sweaters when it's time to hop on a zoom call.
text:What are your not-so-basic basics to pair with statement pieces?	labels:Where do you buy your suits? I love a statement suit.
text:What are your most loved ride-or-die winter clothing items?	labels:A parka I got from Target last year. It wasn't even $50, and it's the *warmest* jacket I've ever had in my life. I live in the northeast, where the snow and wind can be brutal, and I was used to spending upwards of $150 on coats that didn't even do anything.  I'm in the process of losing weight, so I figured spending $50 on a winter coat I would wear for maybe two seasons wasn't bad at all. Cue my surprise when I spent a weekend in the Adirondacks last November, where everybody else around me was freezing, and I'm snug as a bug in my cheap Target winter jacket!  I'm hoping come next winter, it'll still fit well enough to be warm, because it's honestly my favorite winter clothing purchase I've ever made.
text:Shitpost Saturday: Body Types (no fruit answers allowed)	labels:I have the body of an overweight whippet, pls recommend the best rise of pants for me (and also do I wear them on two legs or four please respond)
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: 6 Degrees of Separation	labels:Some really great stuff in here and I think it really showcases how versatile items can be.  u/TheVirt I am going to need deets on the jeans. Exactly the kind of thing I have been looking for.	episode_done:True
text:Fancy snacks! My go-to trick is to shop on Etsy, and filter by my city or state to find local businesses (bonus - it ships really fast this way). Pretzels, popcorn, candy, chocolate, and unique things (freeze dried candy!) Artisan jams, pickles, sauces. Local restaurants do cocktail kit pick-ups. We just take our favorite items and make it into a nice gift basket :)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:This is such a great tool! Thank you for creating it. I’ve been hyping it around Reddit and elsewhere since I saw it.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Woah, thank you for this very detailed list of what you have experienced with your favorite clothing brands too! And for ideas of where to shop Anthropologie styles outside of the store. I LOVE their clothing styles, but it’s way out of my budget range. Same with Patagonia.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do I know if my sense of style is really mine or is it defined by others?	labels:There is no way your sense of style isn't defined by others. It's impossible, everything we wear and do is marketed to us	episode_done:True
text:What niche do you feel is missing from the fashion blogging/YouTube world?	labels:Middle-aged professional people who want to look put-together and stylish but not necessarily FASHION, especially budget-wise. I agree about mid-sized women, too. The 10-16 range that’s not skinny and not fat. Whatever “average” size is supposed to be these days.
text:What are you looking forward to buying for "pandemic life" this summer?	labels:I'm gonna be real - some cheeky dresses. I've managed to take my quarantine 15 off and keep trying to appreciated the fact my body will not always be this age.
text:VF to Acquire Supreme, Valuing Brand at $2.1 Billion-plus	labels:You mean the brand I wear to show that I have more money than others sold out for money? Hrrmph! I'm miffed!	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Grandma's Gift	labels:i packed this year's crippling guilt from years of neglecting her into another pickling jar, carefully labeled it with the year, and lined it next to a row of identical jars containing the same thing; the same gift she's given me for the past 13 years since she passed.   not sure what i will do with them all. i read a story a few years ago about a dad who gave his kid a bottle of macallan 18-year every birthday until he was 21 and the collection ended up being worth a small fortune, hopefully it's something like that.	episode_done:True
text:Recent Purchases - December 30, 2020	labels:I caved and bought two pair of Issey Miyake Homme Plisse trousers from the SSENSE sale and they fit well and are so comfy	episode_done:True
text:"freeing the titty" when you don't have "fashion boobs"?	labels:relatable lol	episode_done:True
text:Fashion "fantasies" coming true years later?	labels:There are items that I fell in love with when I was a teenager/student, but could never afford. Now that I’m an adult and making decent money I’ve actually purchased a few of these items second hand on Vestiaire Collective or Vinted. The top two are an Alexander McQueen silk skull print scarf and a Mulberry Alexa bag. Certainly not the trendiest of items nowadays but I am thrilled with them and younger me is so happy I finally own them after all these years of wanting them.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 13, 2020	labels:Hi! Looking to purchase Fair Harbor swim trunks as a gift this Christmas.   Does anyone know if they do a Black Friday sale??  Also, if anyone has a referral code, I'd love to use it! I saw that they do a "i spend $20, you get $20" referral, so would love to both give someone $20 and get $20 off my purchase lol!	episode_done:True
text:Nice! Serious question: To what sort of event would you wear this outfit? Work? A date? A flight? The clerb? Your cousin's Bar mitzvah? Where would that fit.....fit?  I'm genuinely curious. 11 and 13 are nice. 12 I've never seen anyone IRL with that look, and I know some people with crazy wardrobes.	labels:Since you don’t seem to be trolling (too hard) with this: It’s a matter of having an open mind. This is the kind of fit that’s not exactly *meant* to “fit” in somewhere. It’s the kind of fit that you’d wear if you want to wear it, nothing more, nothing less.	episode_done:True
text:Dae get overwhelmed by fashion?	labels:I feel that a lot of how to be fashion forward comes down to confidence and fit. You should never feel pressured into wear something you feel uncomfortable in. Sometimes having well-fitted T-shirt and jeans can make you look put together.  With colour, I find that you have to find the right colour that suits your skin tone. And tat involves a lot of trying on different colours at the shops. I used to hate wearing colour until I found the right shade of warm fuschia that really made my skin glow. Since then I've tried on loads of different colours and find that loud warm colours tend to suit my skin tone. I usually wear the bright colours on the tops and wear neutral bottoms (black, navy, grey etc.) so I don't have to think about matching colours.	episode_done:True
text:this a million times. Even worse is when there is a $300 shirt and it's polyester or viscose...	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Yeah sure, I definitely understand that it might not be your personal tastes. Hence the title. What is *fashun* though? Sounds like a made up word lolol. What designers would you have included?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Those Needles Track Pants	labels:Pairing these with boots and loafers is a great look	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Fashion Grave Robbing	labels:Cold shoulder tops. I hated them when they first came out, and my hatred has only grown. I was searching through tops the other day on some big site (maybe Nordstrom?) and there were cold shoulder tops STILL FOR SALE and my mind was blown.   Oh and I also hate the tops that are split at the back. I’m sick of seeing them everywhere. At first I thought I liked it, but it turns out I don’t! I hate any sort of cut out in anything, apparently.
text:How do you think access and privilege affect your taste and sense of style?	labels:To put it bluntly, 100% privilege plays a role in the way people dress because there is increased access to options (including natural fibres, so called “sustainable” clothing, tailoring, etc) that are completely inaccessible for the majority of others.
text:Office Clothes	labels:I love Express! They are the only button downs that actually fit my chest and they have lots of color options instead of boring full colors for the office.
text:I actually would disagree that it makes them look dated. That baggy look where it goes over the shoes a bit is a huge trend right now. Though, I do see that fit mostly for denim, but I don't think it makes these pants look bad or dated. The 90's/00's are really starting to come back.	labels:Maybe it looks better with jeans, but I think the style makes it look a bit dated. Maybe it’s also bc there is no world where I’m ready for the “pant resting on the shoe” trend to come back. They’ll have to pry my cropped/cuffed pants from my cold, dead hands 😩	episode_done:True
text:Nice. wait...what? ;-)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do I know I’m not being scammed?	labels:Find actual boutiques in your town/nearby cities etc. Either use Google maps, try posting on reddit/facebook pages from those nearby towns or cities.  Then check if they have a website. I would expect the contact details to have their actual street address (verifiable on google maps and street view, or a drive past), contact details (call them up and ask some questions) and their refund policies etc.    Most of the actual boutiques I know of - their photos (Instagram especially) are all taken in store, in front of the store, or nearby. They typically use the staff working there or regular customers as models - you tend to see the same faces.	episode_done:True
text:Beanies, Berets, Bucket Hats, and Ball Caps - Style & Direction Podcast	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Look into @cruzadajewelry and @mariamariscal on instagram. They’re Mexican jewelers that make similar things but are more affordable. I’ve tried on stuff from cruzada and own several from MM.	labels:Wow, the eye designs on cruzada are really cool. Might have to save up for one of those. Good links	episode_done:True
text:Lugged boot trend	labels:I adore platform chunky shoes. My late 90's early 2000's teenage self is VERY onboard for this. The boots might be a bit much for me- I'd love to be cool enough for Doc Marten Jadons but I can't imagine where I'd wear them. I can't even think of the last time I've been somewhere where I'd just look cool and not like I'm trying too hard.   My forte, however, is flat form sneakers. I had a pair of Sketchers Whompers that I got on clearance for $1 at a Marshalls when I was in HS. The world had moved on to those 3 inch platform flip flops by then, but I wore the absolute shit out of those Whompers.   I won a credit on Poshmark and ordered some checkerboard platform vans that I've coveted for years. Booyah.
text:The Complex Web of Production — Die, Workwear!	labels:thank you for manifesting this /u/TheFranchize	episode_done:True
text:Shopping my own closet for the perfect tee	labels:I have the stay home club tee!! Bought it two years before the pandemic from Montreal :) very topical now lol
text:Absolutely agree. Learning the technicalities behind stuff is great and all, but you really need to hash out your own taste otherwise that stuff is useless. I think having a style journal where you reflect and elaborate more is great. What kind of style, shape, fabrics, colors, patterns, etc are all questions you need to answer to develop better style. Having a journal or way to reflect on prompts gives you not only a think tank for you aesthetic but it also can inform how you purchase and style things. Lots of beginners just have no idea how to start developing, I certainly didn’t.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:My jeans criteria are similar. I wear men's APCs.	labels:I would also consider Naked and Famous if you like that classic menswear style look. They carry some women’s styles as well.
text:Fast Fashion: What are your wardrobe all-stars?	labels:Black Uniqlo jeggings. Those suckers never seem to fade or lose their shape!	episode_done:True
text:Fitpics just hit different with Imgur down	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 14, 2021	labels:Hii  If anyone noticed Sheldon( From Big Bang Theory ), always wears a short sleeved T-shirt on a long sleeved T-shirt and I really liked that style of clothing but I dont know if that has a name or not because I want to buy similar styled clothes. If anyone knows please let me know   Thanks
text:[NEWS]Yohji Yamamoto launches 2nd capsule collection with horror master Junji Ito	labels:cant wait to buy this on grailed for $75 in four years  (read: can't wait to save this on my grailed and watch the seller drop the price a dollar a day until I forget about it and someone scoops it $10 below my ask)	episode_done:True
text:I handwash all the time--the salad spinner is a great idea!  Most of the clothes that I handwash call for cold water only though, so I never use any warm water.  As for detergent, I use Woolite.  Threads are more delicate when wet, so I avoid any rough wringing--I roll them up in towels to get most of the water out.  With knit sweaters etc, I let them dry laying down, put back in their shape, as they get very heavy with water and hanging could cause them to lose their shape.  Since I already have many pieces that I handwash, I just end up doing that with all of the pieces I care about/really want to last and it works great albeit a bit time consuming!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How did you find your style/tips for a cohesive style	labels:I think it can be huge to just have a consistent color scheme, even if you wear different styles, if you do it all in similar colors then it will always look cohesive. It will allow you to combine more style-specific items together, like combining something vintage with something more modern, or something more edgy/rocker with something more frilly/soft.	episode_done:True
text:From American Gigolo To Withnail And I: The Best Big Coats In Film	labels:>both men do manage to pull off a rather nice duffle coat; we’re particularly fond of the contrasting togs on Mr Nicholson’s navy number.  then  >GET THE LOOK: *here's a shearling lined-corduroy pea coat and a brown herringbone polo coat, neither of which look remotely like a duffle coat*
text:Wearing homemade bright tie dye and a leopard mask right now so I think I’m already a practicing member.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Creative pragmatism light	labels:I follow her too and am interested in the answers. I love the way she styles herself because she looks effortlessly cool to my eyes. The clothes mostly wouldn‘t work for me because I‘m only 5‘1, so lots of things are too big. Anything ‚oversized‘ just makes me look a little childish. I still try to incorporate some of her tips. There are brands like COS that do similar things with cool shapes and ‚different‘ basics.  ETA: Do you like the pieces themselves or her style philosophy? Because occasionally I think the clothes she presents are.. pretty ugly, tbh
text:Coats & jackets from fall-winter 2020 runway collections	labels:I have the Aritzia Brenna coat and everyone calls me a Jedi because it’s brown and the hood is gigantic. I love how deep the pockets are and it’s been good for west coast winters.	episode_done:True
text:What age did you start pinning down your style? And how many times has it changed since then?	labels:I work in an office and am supposed to dress business casual.   My entire closet is work clothes and while some of it is cute it’s mostly boring and safe.   I feel like my personal style is edgy and fun. I’m working on curating a weekend wardrobe and not focusing on work outfits until I have just as much weekend  and after work clothes. I’m thinking fun  Art teacher and also colorful mom clothes but we will see I also like basics a lot like jeans and a black top .
text:It's weird to control what appliances go into places you rent out in my opinion.  I only want to know what conditions lead to her not owning one because it is common where I'm from even in the cheapest type... People are so overly sensitive here they downvote anything that has the slightest possibility of being offensive	labels:Most of the apartments near me don't have them.  The only ones that do are the new ones (which are 55+) or marketed as luxury.  It's not worth paying $300 a month more in rent for.	episode_done:True
text:Ladies with eczema or sensitive skin, what kind of leisure wear, tights, and leggings do you buy?	labels:All my non athletic leggings are from American Eagle. It’s been a few years since I purchased some from there since I don’t currently need any (plus they all all seem to be high-waisted nowadays) so I don’t know if the fabric makeup is the same or not, but I’d give them a try. I also like some of their joggers. In case you need any athletic leggings, Under Armor has been comfortable for me. Just the basic cold gear or heat gear though. The higher rated ones (2.0 and up) have a thicker inner layer which I did not care for on my skin. Too much of a “snag and drag” type sensation if I had any dryer patches of skin.	episode_done:True
text:My mom and I watched a lot of WNTW together. It taught me a lot about fit and basic makeup and got her out of her mom fashion rut.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 15, 2020	labels:Anybody have an example of larger men wearing the Belstaff Trialmaster?	episode_done:True
text:What bag(s) are you eying for Spring/Summer 2021?	labels:Chloe and JWA never had great resale value. Wear what you like! I have a Chloe Lexa that I got for 50% off when it got discontinued and it‘s a great bag. I‘d never buy either brand at full price though.  I‘m trying not to get sucked into any nee handbag trends, I really want to shop my own closet this year. That said, I got a piece from the Loewe x Totoro capsule collection that I couldn‘t be more excited to wear this spring!   If I really had to pick, I‘d say that I‘m still eyeing a Loewe puzzle or a celine belt bag. I do like the Dior Bobby and the newly released Caro as well. Realistically though, I might add another everyday bag from Polène or Leo et Violette before I pull the trigger on any high end designer stuff. Price increases are getting crazy!	episode_done:True
text:That movie is the reason I became an Anglophile and a fan of Edwardian fashion!	labels:It is \*such\* a good film! I mean, naturally I loved it as a kid, but I watched it recently (I'm in my 30s now) and it holds up! It's beautifully shot, has a wonderful soundtrack, and such great attention to historic detail.	episode_done:True
text:Can we talk sleepwear?	labels:I was very into this idea as well and invested in some Lunya PJs...but that elegant person I invisioned didn't magically appear. I still had a big messy bun, acne patches on my face and slept with my mouth wiiide open. I didn't feel as comfortable in those PJs and that fantasy I had didn't come true, ya know? I don't want to discourage you, just my two cents as someone who had a very similar thought process  I went back to tank tops and sweatpants and I find I appreciate them a lot more now. I make sure they fit properly and don't have stains or holes so I still feel reasonably put together.
text:Fashion "fantasies" coming true years later?	labels:Male here (kind of important for this story).  Growing up I was always really jealous of female fashion, makeup and the ability to express yourself in your clothing (and it not coming down purely to details or fabric). I dabbled in the japanese rock scene back in HS, partly because I really liked the music, partly because it opened up a lot of opportunities for exploration. I didn't have the guts to go all the way though, but did some light makeup and had sort-of feminine haircuts.  Anyway, past HS this was all behind me, except in my art where I kept my aesthetic alive, though never consciously setting out to do so. I've since moved the canvas onto myself, so haven't picked up the pen much at all lately.   Fast forward 10 years or so, and I'm standing at a graduation ceremony. I work as a teacher, and I'm saying goodbye to my students, since summer break is about to come up. All teachers are lined up, and I look at my female colleagues and feel a real sting of jealousy. I'm standing there dressed in a shirt and pants while they're wearing lovely dresses, with earrings, makeup and bags.  I decided enough was enough, and went and bought nail polish the same day, and booked a time to pierce both my ears the day after. This all coincided with a long solo trip to Japan, where I bought a ton of makeup and really started to let lose. I also started (slowly) incorporating female cuts and items into my wardrobe, but every step needed quite a bit of courage, heck they still do. My comfort zone has blown wide open but anything beyond what I wear regularly gives some slight anxiety.  Then in 2020 I started posting here, getting feedback and help, and through constant cheering from colleagues, friends and students I finally feel like anxiety isn't keeping me away from expressing myself the way I want.  &#x200B;  So yeah, kind of a tangent, but that's my fashion fantasy coming true.
text:Post-Baby Problems I Wish Someone Had Warned Me About	labels:This is terrifying thanks 😂😭
text:Kanye West recently	labels:To be expected on Kanye or Trump.	episode_done:True
text:Another one lost to Big G\*ming.   Congratulations! It's good to have security in times like these.	labels:Thanks you!  I mean honestly I grew to find I was unhappy working directly in menswear and being furloughed around the start of the pandemic was it. It’s also not the best financially either, especially living in LA.	episode_done:True
text:In image only, what is the most beautiful item of fashion you own?	labels:Thank you!! Ugh I know, I never got a chance to wear it and now it’ll be cold until June where I live :(	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 30	labels:probably my least favorite lurker take is "there's not a lot of style variety represented here :/"   First off, that's not even remotely true. Just in today's waywt we have: vintage menswear/prep, americana/workwear, full designer, milsurp, SLP-esque, W I D E,  etc. etc.   Secondly, if someone feels like their style isn't being represented, or they're not seeing what they wanna see, then POST A FIT. FUCKING PARTICIPATE. BE THE CHANGE YOU WANT TO SEE IN THE WORLD LIKE DAMN
text:Do you name your favorite outfits?	labels:Hahahah, I love this! my boyfriend started saying “you look like a ....” and I remember that every time I wear these two outfits:  1. Sicilian widow - black maxi skirt, lace turtleneck under a black camisole 2. 80s real estate agent in Arizona - teal suit, teal turtleneck, pink lipstick, big ish hair
text:I do wonder about how fashion will acknowledge the recoveries of different countries.  Like Wuhan's throwing pool parties now, so--you know, it's a different vibe.  The fact that China also consumes a lot of luxury goods also complicates things; and I wonder if the Chinese consumer would be interested in some of the more drab utilitarian offerings I've seen trickling in.  On the whole, Chinese consumers don't exactly get excited about dropping big dollars on depression chic (and does anyone really?).	labels:This entire sub does lol
text:How do you feel the Pandemic is affecting your style? (Or, “I am a butterfly in a chrysalis”)	labels:I'm a healthcare worker and the pandemic definitely didn't change my day to day scrubs look much 🙃 However, I used to dress up and go out often to eat or see friends, and am really bummed that pieces in my closet have sat untouched for a year.  Initially I coped with some of the panny stress with shopping. But after a few months, I quickly realized it was pointless. Now I just cope by planning fun outfits for when travel resumes. Post pandemic I'm definitely going all out dresses and high heels as much as I can!	episode_done:True
text:What is the breakdown of $ spent for various outfits you actually wear?	labels:Jacket 150-300  shirt 50-150  pants 100-200  boots 300-400  watch 200  belt 60  undies 50  If I wear cheap stuff it falls apart due to my job being rough on clothes. Good news is that I only buy 3 or 4 new items a year as stuff wears out (gets more holes than I can patch). Occasionally I can get stuff second hand or thrifted which is nice. In the scheme of things clothing doesn't work out that expensive, my helmet is over 600, chaps 200, other gear I wear 200, chainsaw 3000.	episode_done:True
text:Hats - discussion	labels:My head is too big for women's hats! And I don't really like men's hats, so I just go without.	episode_done:True
text:Banana republic, j crew, los angeles apparel, uniqlo	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I live in Southeast Asia so with heat and humidity, my faux leather starts cracking and peeling with a year or two :(	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do you find your true style when you're surrounded by fast fashion?	labels:i found my style basically by getting pinterest.  when you get pinterest, there are either two ways you can find outfit inspiration that you like. the first way (which someone already mentioned) is looking up movies, tv shows, singers etc. that have a style that you genuinely like and then create a board for fashion. the other way is to just search for different styles (i can give you a whole list of styles to search up if you want). after that, your pinterest will start recommending you more things to you.  some examples of things i would personally look up are "beabadoobee outfits", "euphoria outfits", "the craft style"  finding brands is probably the hardest part for me be size the style that i like isn't as common, but if your style is a bit more out there, you should find small businessesm i especially like instagram for that. i actually found some that i like from some photographers that i follow. as well as that, i also knew some from influencers, including heaven by marc jacobs and unif.  edit: also second hand apps are very good for clothes. depop is where i get most of my second hand stuff but ebay can occasionally have very good things for pretty cheap!! once i found authentic prada jeans on there for $45, gucci pants for $15 and more.	episode_done:True
text:Dressing larger bodies - without looking sloppy	labels:I work retail and I see a lot of customers who are plus-size/large wearing oversize pieces and they make it work. It really is about attitude and also as a user below said, having your hair, makeup and nails done is really helpful too.  *I don't dress to disguise my body shape, I'm OK with looking fat.*  Also wanted to add that I relate to that sentiment. Having this attitude has helped me so much in not agonizing over what to wear to work every day. I know I'm not proportionate and I'm not going to try and disguise it with shapewear. It is what it is.	episode_done:True
text:All the time	labels:	episode_done:True
text:They are actually Birkenstock Pasadenas. I found them at a Nordstrom rack. Don't think they are a very popular model	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What’s a piece you bought before the pandemic, but haven’t worn a single time since because the occasion has been cancelled/we have literally nowhere to go?	labels:Literally all my dress shoes. Anything fancier than a work boot.  There’s been a couple times I dressed up a bit to work from home, just to wear pants that aren’t jeans. Maybe this skirt would work for something like that if nothing else?
text:General Discussion - October 31	labels:Having the ideas but not the wallet to break out of the basic bastard is the point I'm at with my wardrobe and it's mildly frustrating.
text:Demna Gvasalia’s pens an essay on appropriation and luxury fashion for Re-Edition Magazine’s upcoming Issue 14	labels:Lucky for him I do not wish to appropriate the clothing of the Mole People	episode_done:True
text:Every fit outside of their comfort zone just goes into one category "weird hipster shit"   When you think of it that way, its no surprise they think there is no variety .	labels:Fits I would wear: None of them  Fits that scare me: All of them	episode_done:True
text:If you don't need the added dexterity of gloves, keeping all your fingers together keeps them way warmer. Mittens may be old-fashioned, but for pure toastiness, they're unbeatable.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Whenever I thrift I only look in the men’s section. I like loose fitting clothes and I like to use button ups as another layer for a tshirt. Men’s button ups are superior and do the trick.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 19, 2020	labels:I wanna start a thread where we fuck up designer names because “Lordy Piano” by u/pumaturtle is high comedy
text:List of a couple of inspo albums	labels:You're a boss. Thanks a lot, OP.	episode_done:True
text:Purses: Real vs. Faux Leather?	labels:For me, (retired, age 75) real leather bags are not an investment I would make now. In the past I was able to find excellent vintage Coach bags at consignment shops at a great price. One of these is still in rotation. My current favorite bag is “pleather” cost $15.00 new, and has good zippered pockets. It actually looks decent and definitely classier than the price would suggest. The chief advantage of this bag is that it’s durable and waterproof when set down in rain or snow. One drawback of both real leather and faux leather bags is they’re heavy.  A wonderful alternative to both real and vegan leather is nylon, such as Baggalini or Haiku brands.  Light weight, practical sizing, fun colors and quality construction. Just not waterproof enough for winter wear where I live! Fun question 👍🏽	episode_done:True
text:What are some habits that keep clothes/shoes new vs that habits that ruin them?	labels:First for cardigans and sweaters is I either go fully wool or fully cotton. Can’t be any sort of blend, and I avoid mohair. I have a cotton cardigan from urban outfitters that’s like 5-6 years old and looks brand new, so you don’t even need to go super pricey, just look at fabric content.  Second is I wash everything on cold, and hang dry as often as possible. Heat basically transforms fabric, so using it is unnecessary. I also find that it sets pit stains instead of removes them.  Shoes I have no idea. I walk a lot and constantly wear out shoes. I find leather with a sewn in sole lasts a lot longer, but flats and heels never last that long. I’ve also had luck with shoes that have wooden soles which I’ve added a sole with traction to.  For bags, I’ve always heard it’s bad luck to keep them on the ground, but that’s more superstition than keeping it nice lol.
text:Added to the list!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:2020 Wardrobe Data Analysis	labels:My clothes stay in my wardrobe until they stop sparking joy. That's pretty much how I know its time is through.   I wish I had the stick-to-it-ness to actually track what I wear, and also I would be deeply embarrassed by how often the answer is "my pyjamas, all day, into the next night".	episode_done:True
text:What pieces would you love "backups" of?	labels:This is pretty uninspired, but I have a lot of basics that I wish I had bought in duplicates, but didn't buy in duplicates, because I figured they were basics and I could always just get more.   Alas. The styles changed just a bit, and now I can't find the plain white tanks and tees I want because the sleeves and the neckline and the length are all just a tiny bit off. Thank you for reading along, this not-a-real-problem is very frustrating at times.
text:luxury e-commerce has been skyrocketing during the pandemic  edit to say e-commerce over just commerce	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Nick Wooster	labels:Sir WoostGod the Goat	episode_done:True
text:It’s very similar to the MCM movement and the rams study homes in that sense. You don’t expect it, but it works.   I dress a lot like the photos OP provided and I don’t find most of them especially eccentric?	labels:I agree, the photos are pretty tame. I can see where for the average person pairing that many different colors together and including big statement pieces could be intimidating, but generally the color palettes are straight forward. Pattern including pink, yellow, and orange on the dress, orange coat, pink shoes, etc. I think it's just using more colors where some would choose a neutral. And pairing a very dramatic silhouette with more subdued pieces.	episode_done:True
text:My whole point was that calling something costumey is a poor/negative description of avant-garde/high fashion, because at it's essence your saying that those people aren't dressing true to themselves (they are wearing a costume) and your not describing anything about the piece.  I agree with you though it definitely hits a nice middle ground between totally high-fashion and more traditional clothes.	labels:Oh I see what you’re saying now, thanks for explaining. I certainly don’t mean this in a negative way to describe how someone chooses to express themselves at all, and certainly don’t mean to say dressing avant-garde is inauthentic. At the same time, I don’t think those things are mutually exclusive. This sub is full of people half-joking or joking about capes and cloaks, and every so often someone asks about a long duster or the like from Blade Runner or the Matrix or something. You could still be dressing true to yourself and look a bit out of place.  I don’t think people advising someone to not dress like a movie character are impugning how that person wishes to express themselves as inauthentic. Rather, the perception of the layperson of some person dressed as Neo would be “costumey” I think the same could be said for someone in full Rick- it doesn’t change the layperson perception just because one of those two people choosing to dress outside the norm knows more about fashion than the other.	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Mellow Yellow	labels:First thought: Oh sweet, an album for my favorite color!  Second thought: IS THAT PRUE LEITH?!?	episode_done:True
text:You find yourself slipping with dainite soles? I live in Minnesota and they are the third best option behind lug and half commando soled for ice/snow	labels:Yeah they’re pretty slippery on ice.	episode_done:True
text:The Origins of Hermès' Colour Mark	labels:Who should I follow that is “fashion twitter” ?	episode_done:True
text:Brilliant hijack, now we're all stuffed with cheese and need larger wardrobes!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I have a medical condition and can’t comfortable wear heels. It’s...such a pain in the ass. Even the sneakers in this article all have a non-apparent heel on the inside of the shoe.   I end up wearing loafers to every dressy occasion. Which sucks because I fucking hate loafers.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Tailor might be able to put a thick elastic on the back of some waistbands too... then as long as op doesn’t tuck his shirt in he’s golden	labels:Wouldn’t this only work if the pants were already stretchy to begin with?
text:I need one! The Queens Gambit made me want one	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Those of you who, like me, don't have a closet (sob).. how do you organize your clothing/shoes/accessories/jewelry?	labels:When I was a teenager, my bedroom was tiny and didn't have a closet. I had a freestanding dresser for clothes that could be folded, and then an over-the-door clothes hanger for the items that needed to be hung.	episode_done:True
text:Back to 2014 we go!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Your Chore Coat Isn’t Up to the Task	labels:Certainly more evidence for my pet theory that anybody who uses the word "sartorial" can be safely ignored.	episode_done:True
text:What unknown/smaller brands should we all know about that don't often get posted here?	labels:Smash and Tess have the most adorable rompers, great quality too	episode_done:True
text:Wearing overcoats casually has been in style the last couple of years, and I see no reason why it will ever fully recede. Overcoats are great but no one wears tailoring any more, so it will continue to be relevant.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:When I was voted best dressed in my senior year of hs. That’s right, I peaked in high school	labels:Some of us peaked in middle school, my dude	episode_done:True
text:Fall Fit Battle - Final Four - Discussion	labels:**NgoKnows** vs Chunsak. I'm a little bit let down by Chunsak's colour palette, whereas Ngo rocks it in this department. I'm also giving points to Ngo for the better trousers-to-footwear transition. Notably, both did a cheeky thing with showing a little bit of a white sock, but this too is nicer in Ngo's fit. Clear winner for me.  8888plasma vs **Rariora**. I'm a little bit let down by both fits (but I am coming into this with extremely high expectations). Rariora feels like a rehash of last week (and last week was a better execution of this concept, maybe). plasma is committing to "very cool textures", but aside from this nothing about the silhouette or palette or other French fashion words excites me here. Besides the cool texture clash, I don't think that sweater and trousers work particularly well (tho the belt is cool).
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 02, 2020	labels:Anyone know any good sales on slim fit joggers? I saw the Bonobos sale too late and they sold out of mediums. Also any opinion on grey vs black?	episode_done:True
text:Top of WAYWT - September 2020	labels:I have noticed that although I consistently get over 9 upvotes on my fits, I am not receiving 9 spots on the Top of WAYWT. I'm not sure if you are doing this intentionally or if 'you' are 'forgetting' to click 'add photo'. Either way, I've had enough. I have compiled a spreadsheet of fits you have "forgotten" to add to the Top of WAYWT. After 2 consecutive missed Top of WAYWTs your name is automatically highlighted (shown in red) and I am immediately notified. 3 consecutive strikes and you can expect an online "consultation". Think about your actions.
text:Merry Christmas, Ya Filthy Animals: the Wet Bandits Are Style Icons	labels:yutes	episode_done:True
text:Geocasket Reviews 22 Geobaskets	labels:Even humor aside, this is a really well researched and put-together video. Looking forward to seeing more from the creator.	episode_done:True
text:I'm convinced that there's something deeper than just boho styled, edgy, punk, professional styled etc. that we find ourselves liking, that creates our style.   Like music. There's something deeper than simply genre that makes me like a song. It's not genres that define my music taste. It's a combination of all my songs I like that creates my taste.	labels:My favorite songs blend two distinct genres together, like metal and synthwave (with a sprinkle of rap?!). And my style I can't have distinct very well, never straight up punk, never fully professional (I firmly believe I am a professional because I work professionally - they can take my badass spreadsheets and perfect grammar, but they will also get my dyed and shaved hair and eclectic clothing). I have to blend them because there's so much I want to express! Yes, I am punk/emo, glam, neon, normcore all at once. I was probably inspired by my early childhood fascination with Queen, and then Danger Days as an adult. Eclectic doesn't even begin to cover it!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 22, 2020	labels:Day 1 without Met and this sub is already falling apart smh
text:Yes on Poshmark!! And mercari sometimes. I find thredUP a bit pricey	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 28, 2020	labels:Been looking for a particular style of coat for over a year. Couldn't find anything similar as the original inspiration was years old. Finally settled on something "close enough" that I was happy with, spent over a month exchanging the size to get it right, finalized everything and took the tags off last week.  Then today I walked past The Kooples on the way to the bathroom and saw the exact fucking coat I wanted 50% off, roughly what I paid for the first coat. Fit perfectly off the rack. For fuck's sake.  I am now poor.
text:Yeah, I went in there looking for a classic, flattering suit a couple of years ago, which was something they used to do really well, and they didn’t have a single normal suit. They had some mess with an oversized double-breasted jacket and Capri-length pants, another with a ribbon on the jacket that you were supposed to tie into a bow instead of buttons. Like, why?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Experience with fast fashion brands for office casual clothes (Shein, Fashion Nova, etc)?	labels:I think you would be best off buying from reputable brands during their sales. Their returns process will be better typically too. A $20 blouse on sale from J Crew Outlet is usually going to be better than a $20 blouse from Fashion Nova. A lot of these sites have customer service issues as well.  I have purchased from ROMWE (basically SHEIN they are the same company) and depending on the material you may be able to score some things decent enough for Zoom meetings, but not good enough that you will want to wear outside of a webcam.	episode_done:True
text:I've got an anniversary Ben Sherman fishtail from my Mod phase - never wear it, but can't part with it.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Article: Why Is Fashion So Beige This Season?	labels:The last time I remember noticing beige getting popular was around 2009 (the great recession). I was going to fashion school at the time and one of my profs noted that neutrals tend to come in style when the economy tanks because the pieces are more versatile. Like, there's only so many ways you can wear a bright pink top, but you can generally wear neutrals with everything.  Anyhow, I've noticed color palettes are trending more neutral again and I took it as a sign that fashion folks are taking into account that during the pandemic customers are trying to stretch their buys as far as possible.  Tbh, I don't feel strongly about it except that what I think it signifies makes me sad. I think it's triggering some minor trauma from my early adulthood and the recession 🤣
text:Brands that no longer live up to their name or quality	labels:kind of all of them? It seems like you have to pay pretty steep prices now to get the quality of clothes that mid-price mall brands had in the 1990s and early 2000s. It seems that most stores have switched to a model of selling poor quality pieces at huge markups with the expectation that they will sell most of the stock at clearance prices. The GAP used to have quality staples, and J Crew was "fancy." Now GAP is really the same quality as Old Navy, and don't know what J Crew is anymore. The quality has certainly dropped, but I also don't get what is up with the designs since you can't even get a reasonable women's suit there these days. Madewell is not made well. Anthropologie used to sell unique pieces with really good construction, now it's roughly the same as other fast fashion, though I do appreciate that they added petite and plus sizing and carry some high end brands too. Levi's main line is terrible now, and to get the heritage quality, you need to get the Made and Crafted line, which is really expensive!  I mostly shop secondhand because I can't afford the stuff I like. When buying new, I try to wait for sales and avoid buying anything "final sale" or with complicated returns unless I know it will work. Clothes that I used to get at Anthropologie, I now get from Sezane, Ulla Johnson, Doen, and Samantha Pleet. I started buying vintage jeans over Madewell/Levi's or expensive craft brands—my 1980s Chic and Gitano jeans were probably sold at K-Mart/Target but are better quality than anything I have gotten from Madewell. I don't wear jeans/denim enough to justify craft denim prices. Patagonia is still very high quality technical wear; I just scope out the Tyler sport outlet and secondhand for deals. Shoes are hard because I don't like to get them secondhand. I switched from Adidas to Veja and Diemme for sneakers (you can find Diemme shoes for huge markdowns on Yoox during the winter and summer sales—I don't think they are worth retail price).
text:Can you build a wardrobe off Amazon?	labels:A huge chunk of my wardrobe is built out from Amazon. I add everything to a list, and wait until Amazon's algorithms decide they need to sell it for $6. They also offer Tall sizes on quite a lot of items, which is great for having sleeves that fit.  Uniqlo for jeans, Amazon's Peak Velocity brand for Tshirts, and Goodthreads for everything else is what I would do if I had to start from Scratch.  If there's a certain type of item your looking for, feel free to ask for recommendations and I can send you a link to what I'd look at.
text:I've browsed this sub for a while and started participating a few months ago and holy crap have I noticed the lurkers more. Some of these criticisms are hilariously bad takes.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Difficulty distinguishing between so 'idealized' style and personal style?	labels:I slipped into the "easy casual lounge wear" early on in the shut down where I live. I almost immediately left crappy and sad. I realized for me, in a world where I have no control over anything, I do have control over what I wear. Even though I have been working from home, and have no where to go, I get dressed...every day.   After a while I realized that, no one sees me except maybe a waist up video call once a day, so why not wear things that I was excited about? Who cares if anyone else likes it. I have always been drawn to vintage pieces and even had a few in my closet. I rarely wore them because they didn't fit the classic business casual that was expected in my office. I wore those pieces almost every day. Then I started a Pinterest board with really specific criteria, earth tones (looks good with my skin tone), vintage cuts, texture, natural fibers. Boom. For the first time in my 30yrs I had a style that I loved!   I kept the few items I already had and loved, and slowly started collecting others that would match or compliment them. I went the thrifting route because 1. its cheaper, and 2. I could find good quality pieces in natural fibers more easily than if I had gone to the mall. I would visit a thrift store once every two weeks and get one or two items, always reminding myself of my criteria (natural fibres, classic/vintage cuts, earth tones). It narrowed down what I looked for and bought which made it easier.  Now, two months later, I have a cute little capsule wardrobe, and I LOVE every piece.  I guess that was a really long winded way to say, wear what you want and what inspires you in the morning. Especially now when no one is around to judge you while you are just "trying things out".	episode_done:True
text:Good quality men's jeans?	labels:I've had one pair of jeans tear in the crotch in my entire adult life (it was a silly pair of Burberrys I had been gifted). I always wonder what people do that they get crotch tears so often. Rarely washing jeans also seems kind of meme-ified? They're just clothing; wash when necessary!   As someone who also favors slim-skinny jeans, chinos, etc., Rag & Bone is my absolute favorite "everyday" denim. The denim comes, or at least used to come, in different weights with a nice amount of stretch. Good range of colors as well. Fit 1 verges on being too skinny, but Fit 2 is perfect. R&B is always a bit overpriced at retail, but pretty easy to find on sale.   Saint Laurent during Slimane's tenure put out the sleekest, cleanest jeans and I love the pairs I have from that time, but I have no idea what the current offerings are like. I try to wear them a bit less frequently.	episode_done:True
text:Have you ever gone out on a limb and bought clothing from an unknown brand advertised on Instagram/Facebook/online? How did it work out?	labels:I bought a skirt from a Pinterest ad that arrived and was constructed out of what appeared to be dollar store plastic-coated table cloths. Another time, I ordered cotton overalls from an Instagram ad and they swiftly fell apart - I wouldn’t even dare to try washing them. Buyer beware!	episode_done:True
text:Being Slouchy in Classic Menswear	labels:Great post and podcast ep! I gravitate toward Spencer’s characterization of this style as “lived in” because, if I were to intentionally slouch for the look, I’d kill my back. But to be clear, slouchy style seems to have as much to do with posture as Ivy style has to do with actually attending an east coast college—I think you just like the word and you own it. Keep up the good work!
text:New Year, New Balance	labels:I have more pairs of New Balance than I would like to disclose hahaha. I have been a NB head for a long time.	episode_done:True
text:I have a partial one, I'll try to get one soon in a biiiig coat	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Old Joe Fall/Winter 2020	labels:In anticipation for Peaky Blinders season 6?	episode_done:True
text:Distinct Fashion Phases	labels:I’m also a teen and I’m new to styling and clothes and fashion and all.  When I was little (basically from when I was 5 to like around 9) I was what some people called a stereotypical girly girl. I only wanted to wear skirts. Hated pants. I *loved* pink. I loved to wear cool and frilly skirts and also skirts with graphic prints (and by that I mean Hello Kitty I was obsessed lmao) and also I loved dresses.   Then when I was around 10/11 I started straying away from dresses and more towards jeans and sweatshirts and graphic tees and Hot Topic t-shirts. And basically just continued just that casual style with jeans and a t-shirt lol.   Now I’m starting to get into fashion and finding out what I like. I’m also getting into more vintage looking things thanks to vintage and sewing youtubers such as Karolina Zebrowska, Bernadette Banner, Rachel Maksy, and etc. Now I still have a lot of the Hot Topic shirts and jeans and all but I’m getting into styling them. And also I’ve gotten rid of a lot of my wardrobe that I just didn’t want/like/fit me anymore.  I have/had a lot of clothes that I like but I don’t feel especially passionate about. Very few pieces make me feel especially passionate or I love thoroughly. But  now I’m getting a few pieces that I know I’m going to *love* and are going to develop the style I want (which is probably a casually edgy victorian 50s Newsie with a modern twist lmao. Idk lol) And I’m also starting to get into sewing some clothes I like (haven’t started but I bought the supplies for sewing two skirts. ).   Also now I have a badass jean jackets and more beanies. I love beanies. Lol      Don’t really have much to say about my makeup journey because I don’t wear any. Other than when I was little I use to wear it for dance recitals and was into makeup. Then I just wasn’t anymore. Now I’m getting into skincare (because of my mom) and I’m considering getting some makeup and starting off with it. But I’m kinda clueless lmao.
text:This! I have my first sophisticated brand purse but it isn't one of your typical names or styles but because it is so me I feel like a boss lady everywhere I go with it.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:> people don't change skin color because of illness unless you have gout or something  Having gout doesn't change your skin colour  Jaundice does. It's literally the name of yellowing skin	labels:	episode_done:True
text:FAQ: When shopping on a budget, what items have the highest point at which they reach diminishing returns?	labels:In my experience, lower quality at lower price points is most noticeable for outerwear, footwear, or knits (I guess because they all serve a functional purpose) and spending more tends to lead to a more noticeable improvement in quality up to a certain point. That's painting with a broad brush though... leather dress shoes and boots scale much better than sneakers or sandals, where mid-range options are going to be good enough for most people.  T-shirts, dress shirts, denim, and accessories in low-to-mid-range are generally good enough from a quality perspective IMO and I've only really paid more in those categories for a design I like rather than because I think I'm getting something higher quality. There's nothing wrong IMO with buying something because you like the way it looks even if a similar quality alternative exists at a lower price, but that's harder to do if you're shopping on a budget.  I'll also add that for all of the above, your dollar goes a lot farther if you're willing to shop used. Sites like Ebay, Grailed, reddit/styleforum B/S/T threads, etc. have made it a lot easier to buy preowned clothes without having to set foot into a thrift store.  TL;DR When shopping on a budget I'd focus first on having a high quality pair of shoes and jacket. Consider buying used clothes to stretch your budget further.
text:Does change in climate = change in style?	labels:When I moved from a very seasonal American city to South East Asia, I for whatever reason thought that I _needed_ to live solely in very thin, very loose cottons and breezy skirts. I didn't bring a single pair of jeans or boots because I was fairly certain they would cause me to immediately melt into a puddle. For a period of time, I prioritized the heat over everything, so my style became really plain and blah, whereas I used to be fairly experimental back in the US.  Luckily, I then realized the key to dressing in the heat is just finding a balance. A thin turtleneck is fine with a skirt. Jeans and boots work fine with a tank top. Light weight blazer or loose oversized button-ups have replaced coats and sweaters, but still allow for some layering.   I've come to a good place with what I view my style as now, but I find that I do have to repeat a lot of basic "outfit formulas" and feel a bit envious of people who live in the cold and can layer to their hearts content. I think the cold weather lends itself to more creative combinations, whereas being stuck in perpetual summer makes me feel confined to a life of sun dresses.	episode_done:True
text:Will research more.. hmm	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Fellow clothing trackers, what coveted items are you tracking now?	labels:Acne Linden boots in 38. There’s one listing on Poshmark but no photos of the actual boots, stock photos only. It’s been 7 years... they are my white whale.
text:FAQ: How do I pick the right size buying online?	labels:Do  * Know your measurements * Check size charts. Know the difference between body measurements and garment measurements. * Check return policies * Ask others with experience with the brand * Compare to things you already know fit well  Don't  * place too much stock in letters or photos of models. * assume that one of the sizes available is going to fit you well * buy something that you know won't fit because it's a "good deal." * Place too much weight in measurements. They're very helpful, but garment measurements are taken from the outside of the garment, so the thickness of the garment factors in, structure factors in, your layers factor in... there are a lot of variables, so again, be aware of the return policy.	episode_done:True
text:I swear I left for like 5 minutes what happened???	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 13, 2021	labels:Anybody know where I can buy a Mandarin collar shirt that's around $100? For some reason the few options I've found are priced in the hundreds.	episode_done:True
text:Is Y2K fashion coming back organically or is it a result of progressing the 90's comeback to the next decade since that trend seemed to work out?	labels:Everything eventually comes back in fashion.  Personally I would love for 2000s jeans to come back - not super low rise or the ones that were bedazzled or laced up but just normal rise bootcut and flare jeans. I have a few from that era that I still wear all the time and a couple more that I had to replace with similar ones from poshmark because I couldn't find them in shops.  I also miss 2000s makeup. Sure, there was too much body glitter and candy colors but there was also the fresh dewy look of blush and a light lip gloss - think Britney Spears in her Oops I Did It Again video, or Mandy Moore's makeup in her video for Candy. Not everything in the 2000s was horrible lol.
text:I sat next to my coworker for almost 2 years before she told me she wears the same thing each day of the week. So, every Monday is the same outfit, every Tuesday, etc...I knew that I had seen shirts before, but I had no idea I'd only seen 10 shirts total (warm weather and cold weather). She thought I was the most unobservant person ever, lol	labels:I feel like the only way to notice that is if you commonly have weekly meetings, and even then it would have to be pretty distinctive for me to actually pick up on the pattern.
text:Wow thank you so much for the encouragement. It means a lot!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Messy eaters? Tell your stories and hacks / fixes.	labels:Why do extra work when you can just git gud at putting food in your mouth hole? Changing your wardrobe, carrying a bib, or changing clothes to eat is a bit silly of a solution to a problem that can be remedied by becoming less messy, no?    I'm sure that's not what anyone wants to hear, but I don't see this as markedly different than a child who has to learn to put away their toys. Messy eating isn't some genetic anomaly, you can simply exercise more control over how you eat. It may even be as simple as slowing down or leaning forward more over a table/desk.
text:Review: Church's McPherson Brogue Derbies with Commando Soles	labels:Beautiful.	episode_done:True
text:Funny question	labels:I think I'd be a thrifted cashmere sweater. Versatile and comfortable, but I got donated because my previous owner didn't understand my care instructions.	episode_done:True
text:I (M/39) just bought some bright yellow, women's, terry loungepants from August November. What wonderful "non-female" fashion items have you purchased recently? Do you ever dip into the men's section?	labels:I always look in the men’s section for tshirts, hoodies, and flannels! Men’s flannels are so much better than women’s flannels
text:Our Favorite Looks From Fashion Week	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Menswear I Drool Over: FW/2020 Part II	labels:**Back** at it again with the ~~complete lack of~~ white vans, the series continues with my **personal picks** of interesting looks from the past Fall Season! I ***intentionally*** showcase new/innovative silhouettes patterns and combinations because who likes reruns?! *Don't answer that*. Covering **D-F** this time, *and I'm kinda into how it actually flows as an album?* Revisiting these collections is not helping my finances, someone please come clean my browser history, carts, and socially distance me from my wallet, k byeeeee.	episode_done:True
text:Buy Sell Thread - November 30, 2020	labels:I have a bunch of jcrew, Levi’s, Polo Ralph Lauren, Urban Outfitters, and more brands of pants and shorts. I am more size 35 waist now bc I got the thick MAN thighs now bruh. Lol  But I have pants and shorts of size 30-34 for these brands. I have been selling on eBay but it’s pretty slow. So maybe we could reach a deal over PayPal for multiple pairs. If you are interested Pm me your size and I can tell you what I have. They are all in great condition and I would keep wearing them if I could.	episode_done:True
text:The Pajama Spectrum	labels:I usually just wear undies and a tank top to bed, or I go topless. Only sometimes in winter when it’s very cold I wear full on pajamas.	episode_done:True
text:Thoughts on ski / apres ski style?	labels:Skiing is a strenuous sport, often done in a dangerous alpine climate. I wear technical gear: bright loose waterproof jacket and pants for visibility and mobility, wicking warm base layers, balaclavas and goggles to protect my eyes and skin, a helmet, and a backpack or fanny pack with an emergency kit.   After skiing, I strip off the outer layers and walk around in uggs, tights, and turtleneck.   You know what? I 100% blend in. I don't look better or worse than the hundreds of other people who have just come down from the mountain. This is why people specifically wear bright colors. Your party will be able to identify you at a distance from the specific colors you're wearing.   I think ski/apres ski style is to skiing what cottage core is to farming/homesteading. It's an aesthetic for people who don't actually do it.   If you like the look and aren't interested in skiing, then look into some New England heritage preppy looks. The bean boots, scandi wool sweaters, thick stretchy stirrup pants, fluffy trimmed accessories, and parkas may appeal to you. Uniqlo has some cute stuff in their recent collab that has that cozy lux vibe. Moncler and Gorsuch are some OG European ski fashion wear companies. You could look into those for inspiration.   But definitely don't try to go skiing without a waterproof pant and jacket combo. You will have a terrible time, given how much you will likely fall. (Assuming that you're a beginner.)
text:Normally it’ll tell you the measurements of the model wearing it, if you look at the description. I normally go off that, pretty useful tactic in my experience	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I was walking around my city in the rain the other day and saw a group of teenagers with completely soaked hems on their baggy jeans, I think that part has already started its resurgence! The things we do for fashion...	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Harry Styles wears a Gucci gown as Vogue’s first solo male cover star	labels:I've got nothing wrong with a guy wearing clothes that are traditionally for females, but I don't think any of those looks look good, though I don't know the typical content of Vogue.
text:How Much Clothing Should I Own?	labels:I spent 3 years doing clean customer service job and i was able to rotate sweet streetwear for the work trips everyday. Now i due to corona i had to start working in metal industry (nasty work environment) and work trips goes with the van i use in the job for dealing the products.   Im literally crying because i dont feel like wearing expensive clothes to move to job and home with nasty car with all the metal dust in it.  Cant wait for the happiness overload when i get to wear normal clothes everyday.  Current requirement of clothes for the time being are literally one sweater and sweatpants....	episode_done:True
text:Do You Ever See A Cute Outfit, Try To Replicate It And End Up Hating It On Yourself? How Did You Fix That? Did You Ever Get The Answer As To Why It Didn't "Look Right" On You?	labels:try to mimic in your clothes what your body does, but more in terms of structure and sharp vs soft lines rather than "broad hips need x". If you have a sharp bone structure, try sharp and crisp styles, if you look fleshy go with soft draping fabrics, if you look short then split the silhouette by colors or a belt. These are just examples but they can be extended to anything. This is basically what the kibbe system does. You can apply this idea without going into the whole thing as it can be a bit of a rabbit hole.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 17, 2020	labels:a friend recently told me baggy is in - is it? and if so, how do I pull it off?
text:Some may disagree, but you're 100% right that context matters. You need to read the room or be willing to accept some criticism.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Amazing news, happy for you!	labels:Thank you :) feels very good to have the last potential awkwardness sorted out.	episode_done:True
text:Jahnsas mercing the sub.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 19, 2020	labels:The thing where we say "Loro Piana" if somebody doesn't provide a budget is neither helpful nor amusing.
text:It’s definitely that I need helping choosing clothing! I have always enjoyed shopping but it is usually difficult for me to find clothing that fits my body type and style. Hence, why I thought it would be great to try a subscription styling service! I do like this perspective though, I hadn’t really thought of the trust aspect before.	labels:Totally get that.  I like being inspired when shopping and really like seeing what my friends or people in my broader circle are shopping for.  Do you think something like that would be helpful for you?	episode_done:True
text:What’s going to be the next shoe of the year	labels:Whatever it is I hope it’s not square toes and yet another season of suede winter boots too delicate to wear in weather
text:List of a couple of inspo albums	labels:Any hat albums? I'm bald and don't want to be stuck with ball caps the rest of my life	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 30	labels:Just wanted to say thank you to everyone who comments in the daily questions threads, I feel weird individually saying "thanks!" to each reply so if I get multiple I just don't respond? which I feel bad about? But I read them all and appreciate the input
text:DAE feel they made incredibly ODD fashion purchases, this year in 2020?	labels:I bought a lot of stuff this year, I won't be adding it up because that's always scary.  But everything I bought was bought for "next year me". For when I'm at a new job that involves being in an office all day, travelling through snow and sleet and rain and sunshine 😄 Right now I'm working from home and my outfits are pajamas and slippers.  Also, there was a lot of comfort shopping too, this year has been brutal and painful. If some new boots can make me smile for a week, it's worth it.
text:It took me a long time to realize you weren’t saying the n word there	labels:did an edit
text:What is the breakdown of $ spent for various outfits you actually wear?	labels:Almost daily outfit probably goes as follows as I'm a cheap bastard, or incredibly expensive, there's just no in between for me.   Most days (going cheap)  Vintage double rider leather jacket: $25 (from thrift)  Ralph Lauren cotton button down: 80 cents (thrift)  Uniqlo heat tech or some next level apparel shirt: $2 for the uniqlo, ~$6 for the next level  Pants: either my levi's 511 $10 (from levi's store clearance section) or calvin klein slim jeans $4 (from Costco)  Shoes: Doc Martens 1460: $42 (also on clearance)   If I'm going fancy:   Rick Owens Stooges with cashmere lining: ~$3000  Rick Owens cotton turtleneck: $700  Lululemon ABC dress pants: $100  Story et fall boots: $250   So I'm either wearing an entire outfit head to toe for <$70 or I'm wearing over $4000 worth (at least at the list/purchase price)  Im apparently really cheap or overtly bougie with no sense of balance	episode_done:True
text:Start slow, a single slightly out there item in your wardrobe can make a world of difference (if only on how you feel about how you dress).	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Must be the Berliner here.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The best running shorts — 12 pairs tested (full post in comments)	labels:I really like Satisfy for workout clothes. I have two tops and I've used them from spinning to hiking.	episode_done:True
text:I bought these very popular aritzia melina leather pants..an inspo album and fit pictures	labels:I was excited to check these out but I see they only come in a short inseam, 30 inches. I was bummed that they don't offer a longer length! Is there a similar version out there, but tall?	episode_done:True
text:How to look elegant without looking old?	labels:The clothes they are wearing are actually the least important part of them looking elegant.  Ignoring genetics (it's a lot easier to look elegant if you're tall and thin, imo) there's a few things that can help someone look elegant regardless of what clothes they're wearing. Also ignoring the fact these three probably have teams to help them look how they want ;)  First off is how you carry yourself - how you walk, how you pose for photos, how you sit and stand etc. It helps to have a friend, a good sized mirror, or to record yourself - then watch how people you see as being elegant move and hold themselves, then copy them and practice.  Second would be presentation. The instagrammers you mention have long, clean, shiny hair in simple styles. More neutral colours for makeup - but be aware it takes a lot of time and product (and practice!) to get their kinda looks. Clean, well manicured nails - they don't have to be too long but no chipped polish, dirt under nails etc. Clothes that fit (find a tailor if you can afford to alter clothes for you, or learn to do it yourself) . A cheap shirt that's been altered to fit you will look better than a more expensive one that fits badly.  And thirdly would be mindset - this also ties into the first because no matter how much practice you've had, if you feel clumsy and nervous you will find a lot harder to pull off looking elegant.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 03, 2021	labels:Done a lot of thinking about my wardrobe and the amount of clothes I own and I think I’m gonna go through and pick a bunch of clothes to donate tonight.   I think it’s time I let the thrifting and g r a p h i c t e e life go for a bit. I own way too many band shirts and shit that I just don’t wear anymore. I need to suck it up and start investing in my wardrobe to get it to a place I want it to be instead of buying a ton of shitty bandaids for 8 bucks a pop at thrift stores. Time to be a big boy and learn to go for a few expensive pieces instead of a ton of cheap ones.   Wish me luck lads.
text:Sport coats/suits have very little resale value unless they’re from a designer or luxury brand.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Turns out having a ton of thrifted scarves and blankets actually had some use for once!  The belt is some polished calfskin, but the boots are 4070h, so good eye there!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Anyone else feeling incredibly disconnected from the 'fashion world'?	labels:I live in France and there is definitely a big push on instagram via influencers for 'nouvelle vague' 60s-70 styles to be promoted as 'french/parisienne girl style' even though that is not actually what most French women wear,  but it is a style category that exists here. I like certain elements of this style but there are intellectual experts in recent years that have shown that the marketing push of this image nationally and internationally had lead to a lot of erasure of the diversity of French population. Luckily more and more media outlets are trying to show the diversity of French style. I love 'Dress Like A Parisian' blog that really instills how stylish french women create their style no matter what kind style 'identity' they gravitate to.  As for sources on instagram/pinterest etc. I have several: In terms of RTW,  I'm not the biggest fan of Hedi Slimane but his Celine collections since 2019 are very wearable and what I could see certain French demographics wearing. And I mine older Isabel Marant (pre 2015-2016) for inspiration to satisfy my bohemian itch. Other RTW I like is Dries Van Noten, Chloé, Old Céline, Virginie Viard's Chanel. On instagram, I follow certain hashtags of certain brands (typically high mid-end/independent designers many of them French)  to see how smaller influencers style certain brands.  Concept stores/Large mulit-brand boutiques also do a great job on insta with styling which helps me hone in my style. I still use Pinterest but it's easy to keep seeing the same pins to repin and it ruins the search for inspiration so I like mine instagram more and more often.	episode_done:True
text:Do You Ever See A Cute Outfit, Try To Replicate It And End Up Hating It On Yourself? How Did You Fix That? Did You Ever Get The Answer As To Why It Didn't "Look Right" On You?	labels:Most of the fashions we see today I feel like doesn’t celebrate the style, but the very specific tall thin model body that wears it.  I’m tall-ish but also apple shaped and broad shouldered with narrow hips and no waist. (Also officially overweight, thanks quarantine)   I think what helped is that i started following a lot of OOTD accounts from people here on ffa from waywt and the midsize and plus-size style hashtags on Instagram. These helped me normalize seeing confident, stylish people in different sizes and now if/when I try to emulate their style, I’m less disappointed. If you look at @timorous.me on Instagram she has a style blogger index where you can search for people of similar measurements to you. It’s helped me a lot.	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Zoom Fashion Etiquette	labels:I make a Zoom background of my actual office just to confound philosophers  For clothes I wear the veil of ignorance
text:Your favorite ___ for $___: House Slippers	labels:#What should we do next?
text:How do deal with being pressure to find “classics” and “timeless pieces” when you feel your style is constantly changing?	labels:What pressure? There's a pressure not to dress like a child when you're an adult, and I guess that intersects with trend-following, but it's not the same thing. Most fashion brands make their money selling to adults not kids.  While you can't quite 'wear what you like' and still be socially acceptable everywhere, you can most certainly follow fashion if that's what you want to do.	episode_done:True
text:I am whole 5'4 but I love oversize, especially now having workliveexisted at home for so many months, I cannot bother with uncomfortable clothes. I even started to look into men's section for interesting prints and roomy clothes. I love Amy's tips on how to look comfortable on different occasions but still put together, not sloppy.   Now when you asked, I think I really love the philosophy even more than clothes themselves. I love the suits, the knits, some of the tops. However I absolutely cannot wear the shoes, neither a sandal nor an "ironic" furry shoe because of practicality, dress code, weather. So yes, I think I am really looking for brands who share similar philosophy of creative basics.	labels:I agree, her tips on looking put together but still stylish and chic are great!   Haha, agree on the shoes! I wasn‘t trying to diss the clothes, btw. Just amazed at how she and the brand stylist Dione manage to look amazing in weird items.	episode_done:True
text:The Captain Chashew “Jeans” Theory of socioeconomic unfairness	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Same! Better quality material and way cheaper than the female counterpart.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:It was beautiful and your response is great.	labels:Cheers.   I give him a lot of credit for posting.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - February 15, 2021	labels:# How acceptable are tailored shorts really as you get older?  I am reconsidering my outfits for my planned summer vacation in Italy.  I had planned for the daytime white, light blue and light pink slim-fit polo shirts, paired with light blue, pale red, and pale yellow tailored shorts. Boat shoes and Espadrilles for footwear. Basically my tried-and-true combos for hot weather vacays.  But as I reach the tail-end of my late 30s, **I wonder if shorts are appropriate at all anymore**. I always strive to look extremely put together, rarely wear anything without a collar, no denim, etc.  Shall I just wear my night-time outfits (pants and long-sleeve button-down shirts, both in linen or linen-cotton mix, in white and light pastel colors) during the day also?  Looking forward to feedback mainly from well-off guys my age or older.
text:Can you build a wardrobe off Amazon?	labels:NGL you can make some decent fits with amazon/target/walmart tier items - but they are not very good quality and not very good for the environment or workers.    I've still got a few essential items and styles that I was experimenting with from those places - but usually upgrade or look for vintage replacements after I figure out what I'm looking for.	episode_done:True
text:How do I feel sexy at home in winter?	labels:matching bra and panties. it works wonders. I do this in the summer too (on summer bra days, which with boob sweat there are not many). when I buy a new bra, I typically get 2-3 coordinating panties in different styles so I have some options, and then put them together under all my clothes. I swear there's a posture change when I'm wearing ratty underclothes vs nice ones. even if no one sees it, I know it's there.
text:Alternative to bras?	labels:I basically live in bralettes right now. In the summer I wear a lot of camisoles with built-in support. Traditional bras, in addition to being less comfortable, somehow also make me feel fatter and look fatter, and no amount of r/abrathatfits or department store specialists' assistance has ever solved that issue better than the bralettes and camisoles.
text:General Discussion - January 05, 2021	labels:If you're gonna slam a lurker please quote them so when the mods remove their comment I have the context. Please and thank you.
text:Throwback Thursday: Revisiting our 'Finding A Style and Building A Wardrobe' guide	labels:Consider updating where to go to find used clothes. The guide only mentions ebay but I believe there are definitely some newer sites to add. Others would know better than me, but consider that.
text:L.L.Bean x Todd Snyder Collection	labels:Bruh. I missed out on my opportunity to get a Todd Snyder fly fishing rod.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 30, 2020	labels:Currently enjoying the SF thread on whether or not a beige sweater looks too much like skin to be worn in a "non-creepy" way.
text:Store closings at malls	labels:The biggest loss IMO was the Aerie at my local mall, during the first lockdown back in March/April. I know #aeriereal is just marketing, but it really did made me feel comfortable going in there and buying and trying on nice sweaters and cardigans.   We're under strict lockdown again in my area, so I'm sure there will be even more stores gone once malls open again. I really do miss physical stores - my sizing is weird, so it really helped to be able to try things on without going through a cumbersome returns process.	episode_done:True
text:Ok, but have you seen the reaction people have to the tall vampire dame from the new resident evil game trailer? I've never cared for resident evil before but damn she is everywhere! And she looks amazing! Apparently she supposed to be 3m tall and both straight and gays are swooning over her, and it is deserved	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Ah, right! Thanks for the info. It’s such a romantic yet haunting aesthetic. Also love that it would go well with fresh, minimal makeup. Have a great day 👍🏼	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What's an "outdated" item you still love and wear although the style has fallen out of fashion?	labels:Seems like high waisted skinnies are out, but still the most flattering thing on me..so not gonna stop with them.
text:Look at our wiki, in the section on item recommendations. There should be a megathread for everything.  Relatively good cheap brands you might like include Spier and Mackay, Uniqlo, and Abercrombie & Fitch.  Do not get dress shoes for $70-80 new. They *will* be bad at that price.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:It's a quintessential British formal combination of we're talking more dressy. If more casual, I'm personally not as big a fan	labels:	episode_done:True
text:A discussion about “knockoff culture”	labels:I think it has to do with how immediately recognizable something is as being a particular brand’s, like the ever famous red sole shoes. Most companies don’t really have these kinds of easily recognized traits (outside of trade marked logos), because putting an identifying feature on everything you make severely limits what you can produce.   Most clothes look like clothes, and could easily come from any brand, and those I don’t find a moral issue with. Especially since many designs we look at and associate with a certain brand are only because we saw it for them first/associate that brand with prestige and assume they must have come up with it first. In reality, most of them are using designs that have been around and circulating amongst all of fashion, and no one can really pin point where they came from first.   Like with your example, those are two incredibly basic designs I’ve seen around for years from many different brands. I wouldn’t even be comfortable saying the cheaper brand is copying the French brand for sure and not any number of other companies. Sure, it’s sometimes very obvious when someone is getting copied, like when a Kardashian wears anything and Fashion Nova is selling it’s version the next day. But most of the time designs are kind of free flowing.	episode_done:True
text:WEEKLY DEALZ: "BLACK FRIDAY" 2020 EDITION	labels:**Retailers 0-9 / Other**	episode_done:True
text:The best sweatpants — 11 pairs tested (full post in comments)	labels:Can anyone recommend some slim sweatpants that are good for sweating in (i.e. not cotton)? Lulus?	episode_done:True
text:How has lockdown affected new purchases?	labels:I never stopped working in person, and I'm also taking zoom classes during my days-off. Less money spent on traveling and restaurants, a lot more money spent on FOMO sales & panic purges.	episode_done:True
text:What are some of your least favourite brands?	labels:I wouldn't say I inherently hate the brand but I think Champion is an example of a brand that exploded a few years back/to now basically all because some celebrities or whoever wore it- and everyone who wears it now is most likely a ding dong hypebeast type or the VSCO type girl or whatever. Like I'm old enough to remember it being bottom tier Wal Mart level shit you'd get borderline made fun of for wearing- but now all of the sudden it's enjoying this moment. So it's just that perceived inauthenticity and collective pivot in peoples' minds to a fashion name to people rather than just athletic apparel that irks me somehow.  However though, the Todd Snyder Champion stuff is PHENOMENAL- it's not the mainline stuff. You don't see any of those assholes rocking that.
text:What Did You Recently Get Rid of From Your Closet (and How, Please Help Me Help Myself)	labels:Start with the easy stuff first. Holes/rips or threadbare bits, Things that are uncomfortable, too small or that need to be significantly altered (not tailored) use that momentum for the harder stuff. Remember you can sell your clothes as well as donate	episode_done:True
text:What are some differences between stereotypical Millennial and Gen Z fashion/aesthetics?	labels:I associate Gen Z fashion with crop tops and sweatpants, so yeah it makes sense that people in their 30's buying expensive ethical clothes aren't going for the sporty spice look.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 09, 2021	labels:Hey so I almost constantly wear sweatpants purely because they're comfortable. I want to start actually dressing well. And part of that is wearing something other than sweats. Are there Jean's that are almost as comfortable as sweats?
text:What is the upscale version of Fashion Nova / SHEIN / boohoo / Nasty Gal? i.e. trendy + youth-oriented but not trash quality	labels:One brand I really love that I didn't see mentioned here is & Other Stories. They don't do as many sexy, playful pieces, but they have trendy, Instagram-friendly clothing and I've been fairly impressed with the quality of the pieces I've bought.	episode_done:True
text:The finances of curating a high-end wardrobe through luxury resale: how much do you spend on clothing taking into account resale revenue?	labels:I’ve tried to resell my previously second-hand clothes that are higher end, i.e. Ferragamo, Dolce and Gabbanna, and Ralph Lauren Black Label. I’ve only made 1 sale out of all the clothes that I’ve listed on Poshmark. Although I did recoup most of my money on that sale, it was more work than it’s worth. As some people said below with the luxury market sometimes you get a fraction of the price that you bought it for, even if you bought it used prior. You will probably have more luck with luxury handbags than clothing. I wouldn’t use the value I could probably resell the clothing item for as justification to buy.  If you like the item and have the money just spring for it.	episode_done:True
text:...I need loafers	labels:If you never untie your laces, every shoe is a loafer.
text:I was at 6 or 8 when I counted recently.... clearly I need to up my game!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I know “fashion” but people of minorities are always forced to try better. Some Insights	labels:I'm Asian, not black, but this reminds me of something I've consciously learned to do in my career, to try to actively contradict stereotypes in order to encourage colleagues to actually engage with me as an individual with my own strengths, weaknesses, and personality. In the U.S., stereotypes aren't nearly as harmful for Asians as they are for black men, but in the workforce I've seen a lot of Asians plateau at the lower level, informal team lead positions, while getting stuck being hidden away when it comes time to build relationships or manage long-term, strategic goals.  I've played up my blue collar background in order to disarm the "nerd" stereotype, and I've played up my military background as necessary to remind people that I have management and leadership experience, and that I'm not just the guy hired to be some technical specialist, or the one-off task. It's also an easy way to connect with other vets.   Early in my white collar career, I retained my military haircut, maintained a stronger (rather than a leaner/cardio-friendly) build, because from what I've seen, a bit of a subconscious bias about blue collar = power lifter while white collar = weekend marathoner.  Now that I've climbed the ladder a bit I've been able to back off some, and adopt a bit more of the style and look of a mid-career white collar professional (but in a fashion-conscious way). I've also gotten older so I haven't hit my strength (or my cardio) goals in a while, and I look more like a white collar professional that way, too.   And maybe I'm overthinking things, but I found that leaning into meathead or combat vet stereotypes allowed me to avoid being pigeonholed like so many other Asians who came before me. So this linked study at least seems roughly analogous to what I had already seemingly experienced, albeit in a very different context with very different considerations.
text:General Discussion - October 21	labels:I've recently learned from MFA that  if you are under 6' tall you are considered "short AF"
text:Yes.  NST are up there with longwings, PTBs, and chukkas for the top casual welted footwear.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: 6 Degrees of Separation	labels:That green bandana blazer is fucking next man. Where'd you nab it?
text:Jil Sander, the Queen of Minimalism, Is Restarting Her Collaboration With Uniqlo - +J Redux	labels:HOLY SHIT! I am so fuckin hype. I have 2 items from this collection I bought in store when it was first released. One of my fashion moments that i associate with personal growth, sense of identity, and happiness	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 10, 2021	labels:Omg cant believe today’s theme is rock & roll  Edit: feels weird posting a fit after so many months of absence lol
text:General Discussion - December 31, 2020	labels:So fmf went a bit nuts because their $100 white *timeless*^^® sneakies are now a little bit shittier than before. One guy even measured how much his sneakers weighted. Glad to see some things never change haha
text:Also, vans are perfectly fine	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Ohhh I am a teacher and noisy boots are a whole classroom management strategy.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 20, 2021	labels:My partner is now officially my spouse. I now wear a ring which will look good with my fits, but feels really weird being just ... there on my hand, all the time now.  They vetoed me posting pictures (we have public facing jobs, these pictures are all over social media, too easy to reverse image search etc.), but they wore a Rick Owens dress (that I picked out) while I went full minimalism with a collarless shirt with onyx studs, a sleek blazer and cropped trousers. I put this together from my existing wardrobe, since we didn't want to spend a lot. Covid measures made things a bit weird, but the court officer made a real effort into making it nice, which was great. (edit: just so nobody thinks we are totally irresponsible: it was literally just us at city hall, no guests, no party. We'll catch up with that after vaccination.)  It was fun seeing all y'all Americans count down to my wedding day.
text:Does anyone else have this style issue?	labels:I definitely feel this. I have a large butt/hips and do often find that they impact the shape of silhouettes that I'm trying to wear. I'm very inspired by menswear as well and dress fairly androgynously. I tend to modify menswear silhouettes slightly so that I can achieve something similar. I personally feel much better in high waisted pants with a tucked in shirt/sweater - somehow I feel like it emphasizes my lower body less and gives me a sleeker line from top to bottom, so when I'm drawing influence from menswear I tend to modify it with a higher waistline. I also make sure that I'm defining my upper body with tops that are more structured around the shoulder. Drop shoulders don't play well with me.  I find with these tweaks I'm able to both find a nice balance where I don't feel like I'm fighting against my body and I'm also able to invoke more masculine references and play with most silhouettes I like. Although it did take me a lot of trial and error to figure out it out.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 05, 2020	labels:I've gotten to the point that my printmaking and embroidery work are my "part time job", in that it can pay some bills and give me spending money, and allow me to live off of less work for other people.   Typically, i do repair work on people's clothing or sell paper prints and things like installation pieces and back patches, since I never got very far making art to hang up on gallery walls (I have sold a single-digit number of pieces that hung up in a gallery, but orders of magnitude more prints online or in a table show! WTF!)  Recently I'm trying something a little new- getting old, worn out, and/or vintage garments and doing all kinds of overdyes, sashiko, embroidery and quilting to them, mostly by hand. Then I plan to auction off or make a catalogue of these pieces as one-offs to buy. One of the pieces is a 1980s japanese denim kimono that i'm sashiko stitching in the traditional patterned styles, and I'm loving how it's coming out- but it still is scary to put so much time and thread into something that has no garuntee or obligation to sell at all... it feels much riskier somehow, even though all art is risky.
text:I’m moving from California to Michigan. Best way to move my wardrobe?	labels:Wardrobe boxes are great for clothes you want to treat gently. They also make it easy to transfer to your new closet. The downside is that they do not come cheap.
text:Came here to upvote this; biz-caz on the West Coast is quite different from that on the East!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:People who built your wardrobe consciously from scratch - what were your strategies?	labels:I have been rebuilding my wardrobe for the last couple of years because I have the financial means to do so at this point in my life, and I feel like I finally have a good sense of what works/what I like.  This is what I kept in mind when making my purchases:  - What type of fabrics/colors/fit do I find myself reaching for the most often? - What outfits were my favorites in the past? What qualities about them made me feel confident/comfortable/good? Were my favorite outfits also my most worn? Why yes or no? - What occasions/situations do I need the most clothes for?  For me, I realized that I heavily favored natural fabrics that drape while still having some hints of structure. Fabrics like linen, cotton, and wool. I like black, cream, camel, burnt orange, and earthy reds.   When I had a good sense of what I needed and wanted, I did the following:  - Bought basics first. Well-fitting pants, solid tops, good undergarments like slips/bras/underwear. These basics followed my general rules for fit/cut/quality/fabric/color story.  - Only purchase items that fit perfectly. I realized that if something was even slightly too long, too tight, too whatever, I wouldn't end up wearing it.  - After I had the basics, I started purchasing items that I could build on the basics to create awesome outfits. I would only purchase something if I could think of ways to incorporate it into multiple outfits.	episode_done:True
text:WEEKLY DEALZ	labels:ive ordered from Revolve several times and the code “TULIP” has given me 20% off every time. i havent tried it in a while so it might not work anymore but it’s worth a shot!
text:no one will know if you wear it again tomorrow	labels:Or put it back on tomorrow just to take a picture	episode_done:True
text:>I think he means tonally neutral, bland, desaturated colors  I would argue that’s what cold means, while blue is generally cold, I don’t think cold means “more blue”, it’s more about the relative saturation and intensity of the color, basically you have to judge what makes a certain color warm or cold totally in comparison to other similar shades, not as a general sliding scale of “brown is warm, blue is cold, always”, though, like I said this is all a semi useable way of describing it.  Going back to the audio examples, I always see vinyl described as sounding “warmer” than digital, when I first heard albums I knew on vinyl my first reaction was “wow that sounds really different”, immediately followed by “wow, I _definitely_ wouldn’t describe that as warmer”, so, I do get the confusion	labels:Exactly, which is best exemplified when Simon talks about certain blues being warmer (more saturated) vs cooler (less saturated)	episode_done:True
text:Yes, I even considered this. It is possible that all the fuss associate with a MTM may just create work and not contribute much to the overall fit. I'm kind of build weird though...rather "wide" with a 36 inch waist, but not pudgy at all. My legs and arms are really thin, so I look like I am completely swimming in most OTR jacket sleeves and trousers. My SS OTR trousers I have do fit well, but not as well as the perfectly tapered MTM ones.  I failed to mention that I own an OTR SS Sienna as well, which I bought online and had altered. The MTM one fits much better, but it's mostly sleeves, shoulders and trousers....so basically all of it.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The best plain t-shirt video guide — 11 t-shirts bought and tested	labels:If this is the voice people with plan white tee have, I'd rather not wear them 🧐🧐 JK thanks for sharing !	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 14, 2020	labels:Poshmark's dispute system is far more seller-friendly than eBay's or PayPal's ever was.   Ordered a NWT jacket from a seller and it came absolutely doused in Febreze and perfume. She'd also sold it to someone else before and had mislabeled the size, so presumably that person also received and returned the item. Tried to return it because it's not in NWT condition (New with Defects at best, but that's more of an eBay designation) and got denied by Poshmark.   A big RIP. I have contact dermatitis and patch tested positive for every fragrance they tested, so... dope. I'll open a chargeback but will probably get banned by Posh for it.
text:Those of you who, like me, don't have a closet (sob).. how do you organize your clothing/shoes/accessories/jewelry?	labels:I have a boring jewellery box, a storage cube with my shoes in and a decorative dish with my hair things in. Clothes just go in the wardrobe. Closets are not common here.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 06, 2021	labels:Hello, can someone suggest me a new website similar to Fashionbeans?  &#x200B;  I always enjoyed looking at their street style album for inspiration, but I have lost interest in their content lately.	episode_done:True
text:give me a reason: inspo from multiple sources	labels:I see you like raw denim - nice	episode_done:True
text:I'll be starting the year by selling nearly half of my clothes this month.  I don't expect to replace them.	labels:what kind of stuff are you selling? i promised not to spend so much and possibly buy more 2nd hand	episode_done:True
text:When I read this question I immediately thought "Melissa Joan Hart in Sabrina the Teenage Witch"	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How does one incorporate haute couture into everyday work outfits?	labels:Depends on what kinda of styles you mean and also what your work dress code is, but tbh you’ll likely stand out. There have been a handful of FFAers who work software/engineering who’ve done full Rick fits and while they look great and appropriate for work, they definitely stand out.	episode_done:True
text:What will be obsolete by summer 2021?	labels:I'm hoping those "Is it Wine o'clock?" shirts (or anything involving  women drinking wine to deal with life) you find at any mall store/Target directed towards adults.   Perhaps it's because I can no longer pass as a youth and will no doubt get thrown into the demographic these companies sell to, but it's always painful when you start to see a trend in clothes and you hate it, and it lasts YEARS.
text:Can you build a wardrobe off Amazon?	labels:Not as good return/shipping policy as Amazon, but Uniqlo can’t be beat for most of the items you’re looking for.	episode_done:True
text:Edit: I happened to go to a local Goodwill shortly after I posted this, and picked up a full length camel hair and cashmere coat for $6!!!  My best deal yet! I also picked up a beautiful and soft black wool cable knit turtleneck, and a green plaid wool skirt. Total came to $11 for the three.   One tip... I go early in the season for cashmere. Wool lasts fall to spring, and there’s generally not a lot of competition.  Most thrift stores don’t spend time reading the micro labels for fabric content (but they do the brand) so it’s quite easy to get a high quality but lesser known brand of cashmere for the same cost as acrylic.   If you run your hand lightly down the row, you’ll start to learn to ‘read’ the better fabrics by weight and thread count... it’s like Braille for me. I can tell silk from satin because natural fibers are slightly cooler than man made fabrics etc. Same with wool vs. acrylic, and leather vs vinyl. I run my hand down the rack and let the fabric and the temperature tell me what’s there. It’s even easier now with fast fashion because the thread count makes them a fraction of the weight of property made clothes, and they don’t have the same feel. This helps the really good stuff stand out quickly.  It also means I can hit a goodwill in about 15 minutes and have gone through almost all the racks!	labels:OMG your edit. AMAZING FINDS.	episode_done:True
text:That's so cool!!! I don't know much about how saris and lehengas changed in style over time, but I LOVE the idea that you had one of the skirts made ruffly!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Yeah, plus they list two peacoats for stupid amounts of money when you should be able to get a Navy Surplus coat from Schott for \~$300 or less.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Seconding this, but also want to say that sometimes the fit issue is not a clear cut as the front rise being too short. It can also be the curve of the front rise that creates the creases and gives “camel toe.”   Additionally, some of these problems can’t be solved by a tailor—if you find crease lines pointing from your collar to your armpits, it’s a problem with the flat pattern, and you cannot add fabric into a pre-existing garment to fix that.  Finally, if you find that your clothes have a lot of these creases indicating fit issues, just remember that **your body is not the problem.** It’s a problem with the RTW industry.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Oxford cloth button downs: a short historical inspo album	labels:Fun album, but it needs more university stripes.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 25	labels:One of our old friend families we keep in touch with since they moved to the city beside ours has started to go off the deep end with COVID/qanon conspiracy stuff on FB. My wife is much closer to the wife and was really having some distress. My wife works in public health and directly with our COVID response.  Anyways, my wife posted a comment on a particularly inflammatory post and basically said it was affecting their friendship. They wound up having a phone call and it actually turned out positively, with the other person asking for some more information to look at contrary to her views.  Anyways, for now it was a positive outcome from something where I thought we’d have to cut someone out of our lives. Hard because our kids are friends too.  Also we had a provincial election here yesterday and our left-of-Centre (NDP) party absolutely wiped the floor with the centre-right party which is nice. They’ve done a good job with COVID and other stuff so happy to keep going with that.
text:Yep. Like homegirl tramped through a field of flowers on her way to feeding pigs or something. Way more seeds than one would expect. Never seen that many seeds in one boot before.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are some stores/brands that have surprised you?	labels:Old Navy has surprised me - their athletic collection is great. Some of the best leggings I own! Also like another comment stated, Abercrombie has come back in my rotation due to their rebrand
text:I just had a jacket peel like that. I'm bummed bc it was one of my favorites. I'd like to try and stop the peeling if I can so I've been hanging on to it and not wearing it!	labels:Same, I loved that jacket so much! Found a duplicate on Poshmark fortunately.	episode_done:True
text:Are jean shorts on men really that bad?	labels:Broken-in above-the-knee cutoffs are the way to go. I would ever wear them myself, but it can be a badass punk or retro 80s casual look.   I’m really not a fan of clean-cut denim shorts. Thigh-hugger denim shorts seem to be getting increasingly popular though I’ve never thought they look cool—we get it, you go to the gym. Don’t wear below-the-knee baggy denim shorts unless you’re pairing them with timbs in a 90s rap video.	episode_done:True
text:Oooh great choice! Thank you!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Feminist clothing	labels:IMO supporting your local seamstress is way better than most organizations.  To me a big part of feminism is supporting local communities and the women in them. Buy used or from ethical companies (as advertised) and do alterations and even custom clothes from local vendors.
text:The Terribly High Cost of Cheap Goods	labels:Most of this conversation is sadly ignorant of how global development works and prioritizes people in wealthy, developed countries over those in developing countries that need manufacturing to raise their standards of living. Since the post-colonial period there has only been two ways that any countries have significantly increased their economic development level, resource extraction like oil (which just isn't an option for most countries) and becoming a low-cost manufacturing center.  Countries that are now flourishing like Japan, South Korea and Taiwan were only able to do so because they became hubs for cheap international manufacturing, which enabled them to transform  into thriving, world-class developed economies.  Slave labor or child labor should always be unacceptable, but the idea that you are helping anyone except those who are already wealthy on a global scale buy strictly buying goods made in developed markets is ignorant. If people stopped buying goods from developing countries they would basically be condemning them to permanent poverty.	episode_done:True
text:What will be obsolete by summer 2021?	labels:I'm hoping those "Is it Wine o'clock?" shirts (or anything involving  women drinking wine to deal with life) you find at any mall store/Target directed towards adults.   Perhaps it's because I can no longer pass as a youth and will no doubt get thrown into the demographic these companies sell to, but it's always painful when you start to see a trend in clothes and you hate it, and it lasts YEARS.
text:List of a couple of inspo albums	labels:incredibly high effort man wow	episode_done:True
text:Best 2020 pajamas?!	labels:I like the uniqlo ones or their lounge sets! Kate Spade has nice ones too (mostly polyester but they are SO soft). Both go on sale often!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 11, 2020	labels:*it’s the current meta*   Fuck you nerd, it’s not a video game
text:Your favorite ___ for $___: Henleys	labels:Bow favio foreign	episode_done:True
text:The only good thing about being 5’8” is that I don’t have to deadlift the weight as far as if I was 6’ tall.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do ya'll express your culture or traditional fashion in modern clothing?	labels:I was born here but my ethnicity comes from Sweden and other Nordic countries and Germany.  I can’t say it has had any effect on my clothing choices.	episode_done:True
text:Yes, I’m so with you on the midi skirts, they are so pretty and I’m going to wear them! Gosh I remember back as a teen being told to not wear straps around my ankles. The worst.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Fuck man I'm sorry. I hope the rest of 2021 is much better for you	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Riches to rags: The myth of sustainable fashion (The Financial Times).	labels:Also, see if your library has a book called Fashionopolis by Dana Thomas. The cover of the book is very similar to that one.	episode_done:True
text:Tall beauties of Reddit, tell me your favorite brands that offer tall/long options	labels:Alloy! They currently are doing an up to 70% off Black Friday sale!	episode_done:True
text:Agreed. They give me dad vibes. Definitely an athleisure look and extremely common in my city.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Good luck!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Building a sense of style and finding joy in fashion during a pandemic?	labels:I just wanted to say, don’t feel ashamed for liking Urban Outfitters! Or liking the same things as your classmates. It’s great that you want to find some that’s a little more unique to you, but there’s nothing wrong with liking popular things. Usually they’re popular because they’re good.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 22, 2020	labels:Does anybody know of good jacket brands that are somewhat affordable but stylish? I’m trying to branch out and try new brands and colors (like red, brown, green, white, etc.)
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Hoodies	labels:/u/jerichokilo looking gooooood
text:How Carhartt A Billion-Dollar Brand	labels:I love the meme. Carharrt: are you a student? A hipster? Or a certified forklift operator?
text:Happiest Season Inspo Album because I have a big gay crush on Kristen Stewart	labels:I love it! Kind of reminds me of the dark academic inspo albums I've seen posted with a little  90's grunge thrown in.
text:General Discussion - October 22	labels:A black denim jacket inspo album gets posted and an hour later my jacket gets sold. Thank you MFA, very cool!
text:How do you shop in COVID?	labels:I moved to a big city in 2012 and driving and parking is miserable, so I have been online shopping for years now.  I use Zappos and Amazon a lot. For Zappos returns, you print a label, tape it up and take to any UPS place. I have a very difficult time buying shoes, so I might order a dozen pair and sometimes return them all. If the business wants to do this, I am cooperative.  You have to check on Amazon before you purchase and make certain it's returnable. UPS will box it up for you, it's amazing.  I hear Kohl's does also, but I never go there. You can print your own label and return it to an Amazon locker, that's even easier than a UPS store.  I check my measurements carefully and read a lot of reviews. I don't actually return much that I buy except for shoes.  I buy everything online, but bras? I don't know, that might be difficult.	episode_done:True
text:Share the outfits you would wear if the world was normal!	labels:I want to wear a nice beautiful party dress or something if it were normal
text:[Inspiration] Jewelry	labels:If anyone has any recommendations for designers / brands making pendants / chains I'd love to hear them!
text:In my experience, it does get wet on the outside as it's still fabric and the inside was always safe in my experience. I'd rate it waterproof enough, though I think there are different materials available, some of which looks 100% waterproof.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Alexander Wang accused of a history of sexual harassment - fashion in a year of reckoning?	labels:I think we should have a VERY high profile “Models Choice” show every year at Fashion week where any designer’s candidacy can be blackballed by reports of sexual/predatory misconduct by a House.	episode_done:True
text:Have your clothing purchases dramatically dropped now that we can't go anywhere?	labels:I've been buying more than ever before. My wardrobe needs completely changed (home clothes 6 days a week instead of 1) so I needed (...wanted) lots of things like basic comfortable tshirts, cozy cardigans, and comfy pants. (I also gained a small amount of weight, not unrelated). I haven't been spending much though, basically all Old Navy.	episode_done:True
text:Snow Peak Fall/Winter 2020	labels:I like Snow Peak's designs but their stuff seems significantly more expensive than it should be	episode_done:True
text:'Silk and Steel' NPR Article Discussion	labels:You can accessorize as long as it’s safe. I can wear small hoops for field work but I’m sure a lot of factory settings would not allow hoops
text:Learning about technical side of clothes - fabrics, care, quality etc.	labels:I learned a lot of it from my mum/a book my mum had on household stuff inc. A huge section on laundry and clothing repairs. The rest is from looking up how to make or care for things online. Learning to knit helped!   I learned hand Washing in university when our washing machine broke and the landlord didn't fix it for 3 months. I couldn't afford to keep taking my every day clothes to the launderette so I had to learn how to properly wash different things in the sink. Turns out it isn't difficult. Tedious but not difficult if you dont have mobility problems.	episode_done:True
text:Spend $250 on a good replica bag or Tory Burch?	labels:I’d probably go with a lesser known brand/designer or something on a great sale (yoox, outnet, etc) instead. Some of the bigger names (like Kors and Kate Spade) I find to be mediocre quality for the price.	episode_done:True
text:General Tips To Spice Up Wardrobe	labels:I think accessories like hats, thigh high socks, jewellery, sunglasses, and other small things can really take your outfit to the next level! Just try to match the colour scheme of your wardrobe so the things you buy will be usable	episode_done:True
text:This comment is the final nail in that coffin. I'm leaving this subreddit.  I thought I'd find something to expand my wardrobe. Instead I see Thom Browne and now authoritarians.  ^/s	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Bed J.W. Ford AW/2021	labels:I know wide fit is coming back and that's perfectly ok, it's just not for me. Still, it's cool to see slim fitted items and wide fitted items put together.
text:Why Did Bottega Veneta Delete Its Social Media Accounts?	labels:Maybe they are suffering financially like almost all nonessential retailers, and there's no point in wasting money on advertising to people who right now won't be buying?
text:[Inspiration] Sculptural Jewelry	labels:^^^^Booba.  Some of these look hella cool, but damn I'd have to make sure I wasn't doing anything that day.  *Going through their website, I wasn't some Shaun leane stuff now	episode_done:True
text:Formula for a put together outfit that works for most aesthetics	labels:I don't use this sort of rule, but to plays into my choices indirectly. For example, I am semi-maximalist. I like pattern and color. So I keep my jewelry simpler - I rarely use colored jewelry. I prefer the statement from the jewelry to come with size or shape, and just stick to metal only. Same for shoes they are generally one color, something neutral. They can have details with a little bit of texture, but I can't do a multi colored show with embellishments. It would be too much with one of my patterned items.  I do love how animal prints are moving into neutral territory, and I have been working not thinking about how animal accessories can be incorporated into a patterned outfit	episode_done:True
text:2020 in Hindsight: A Year in Fashion — Die, Workwear!	labels:If you ever need a suit or professional wear, now is the absolute best time to hit up thrift stores for this stuff. We can’t even give it away, and I’ve seen tons of high end brands come through.   I know in the short term perspective there is little to no need, but just like everything else the trend for formal wear will come back around again.	episode_done:True
text:Where do you find inspiration for your Outfits?	labels:I like to search for specific items for outfit inspiration. For example, I wanted to get more mileage out of my white jeans so I would search  -white jeans -white denim -white jeans outfit  on Instagram, Pinterest, and occasionally Google (specifically looking for blog photos rather than modeled pics for stores).  I save all the ones I really like, and if I’m instagram I will follow someone if their overall style is to my liking. Then I’ll go back through the ones I had liked and assess which outfits I can make immediately, and which ones require any extras that may or may not be added to my wish list. Looking for outfits based on specific items in my wardrobes has been so much more helpful than aimlessly searching for inspo.	episode_done:True
text:Do you feel the black Friday sales better or worse than usually this year? Is it worth to buy clothing you won't wear until next year?	labels:The sales are about the same as last year. The difference IMO is they’re starting earlier. I think you should only buy if you actually have a need or function for it.   I’ve bought the Sheertex tights so far. Looking forward to never having to replace these black tights ever again.  I’ve been in the market for a camel coat and black leather jacket for a couple years, but haven’t found the perfect one to pull the trigger on either yet. I may just save my money and buy Max Mara next year.
text:However, some guide in the side bar helped me realise, that I also don't need to love every piece I own. Some basics help to bring attention to my favourites. So for me it is about balance, I guess? Wouldn't buy anything I can't personally tolerate tho.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Google Launches Price Insights for Online Shopping. Track Prices for All Your Clothes.	labels:How long until it's shut down?
text:If I want to dress like Insert-Character-Here, where should I shop? Part 2	labels:Mia Thermopolis from Princess Diaries	episode_done:True
text:Why 14k vs 22k?	labels:22/24k is more popular in APAC, 18k is the most popular and common  in Europe and the Americas. Partially attributable to different skin tones, partially due to hardness, partially due to diff cultural value placed on gold as store-of-value.
text:time to go back to sleep	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are your favorite colorful brands?	labels:Alice and Olivia has a good collection of colorful fun clothes, and I like they’re quality. They have sales often, which makes the prices more palatable.	episode_done:True
text:Wardrobe Problems: Separates	labels:I kind of ran into this problem since I purged most my summer wardrobe last year, and the core of the rest of my wardrobe is dresses, which I just don’t like as much in summer.  I do think that if you’re just not going to choose separates over single pieces, foregoing them entirely is completely valid, once you’re not handicapping yourself.  What worked for me, since I ended up with a ton of midi skirts I really liked, but felt apathetic towards tops, was to just go the solid colour, traditionally flattering route (which I think is the smartest way of tackling elements of clothing you don’t care that much for.)  If I’m wearing separates, I’m always going to choose my bottom first, so not having to think much about what to pair them with is nice.	episode_done:True
text:For Veterans Day (US): Military-Inspired Inspo	labels:What is the camo in #3 called? and what are the best places to find it (US)?
text:For those who actually MISS clothes/makeup/getting dressed up.	labels:I just feel bad that as soon as I got to the point of having upgraded most of my pieces and wearing nicer fabrics, etc, I would have been the same off with just keeping my crappier clothes.  Also in my early 30s in the city.   But, I will say that the quarantine helped me start exploring the wide leg pant look, and dressing glamorously when I do leave the house because who the fuck cares now? They can't even see my face.	episode_done:True
text:A warning for H&M Online Purchases	labels:It's funny you mentioned this today because I literally had the exact same experience with H&M recently. Placed my order September 30th, and received it November 5th. I called 3 different times asking about my order and they didn't have any explanation. They just told me to wait longer. They kept saying "I'm sorry sir, it should have shipped by now. Just continue waiting." I highly recommend avoiding ordering anything from H&M during Covid. The restrictions that they have at the shipping facilities makes the entire experience super lengthy.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 06, 2021	labels:Anyone have experience with Salomon XT-6 or other models from the brand? Very interested in picking up a pair.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 11, 2021	labels:What pants/bottoms and fits or styles should I, a 5'8/173cm male go for? I have short legs and big thighs. I have tried all sorts of styles and fits like skinny and cropped and cargos, and my legs look even shorter in most of them.	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: the Festival of Clothing	labels:It's only fitting we celebrate the true miracle of clothing:  The bra!  An item of clothing that is completely acceptable to rewear day after day! What other type of underwear can you not only wear more than once, but you can wear it for DAYS, WEEKS, MONTHS if you're not paying close enough attention?  Truly the workhorse of the wardrobe that can carry you (literally, for some of us on the bustier side of the spectrum) to laundry day like no other clothing. Surely, the Hanukkah of Bras would be a month long celebration.	episode_done:True
text:How do you actually incorporate colour in your wardrobe?	labels:I think an important question you should ask yourself before just trying to incorporate color is  are you actually dissatisfied with neutrals/does color really inspire you? I think the biggest reason I wear color is because when I look at it, it makes me happy, it inspires me to want to wear pieces, and I get excited shopping for it.   In looking for color to incorporate in with your neutrals, I would just first find out what colors you feel drawn to - sure maybe some you’ll find will be things you like, but maybe aren’t the most “flattering” or versatile, but I still think that’s a good place to start, because fashion should be fun.   As far as practical advice, wearing color is a lot easier when you have neutrals to pair it with. I tend to wear one bright color/color family with neutral tones and tie it in also with my accessories. Things like earrings or accessories can be good places to introduce color if you are feeling nervous about it as well.  Also, learning about the color wheel and the undertones of colors can be really useful for color matching.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 22, 2020	labels:What is the dress code for thanksgiving with just my parents?
text:To add to everyone else, a lot of fashion discussion has moved from forums to instagram. Compared to the graveyards that SF and SuFu have become, this here is a carnival.	labels:Does Instagram really facilitate discussion, though? Instagram is something I use for inspo / to keep up with brands but not something I'd ever use for open conversation.
text:How would you style or rebuild your wardrobe around your holy grail fashion piece?	labels:Pear shape with a big arse - I want Lauren Bacall style wool trousers. Fluid, full, and fitting just so on the waist. Styled classic for work with an equally full and fluid washed silk shirt, rolled up sleeves and tucked in with a patent waist belt. For brunch dates with a bateau neck tee that fits like a second skin, and for evenings with a low backed long sleeved version of the same. A chunky, cropped length fisherman’s jumper if theres a chill on casual strolls
text:The Best Ways To Style A Blazer This Autumn.	labels:Lol, let's play.  1. "Go for a soft blazer" -- shows a gold button blazer with clearly structured shoulders over... an awful full-zip cardigan, for some reason. 2. Awful photo, the jacket could barely sit worse if they tried. 3. One of the least bad things here, and the dude is literally wearing his blazer with a white tee and sweatpants. 4. "Layer it" -- ah, the standard cliche. 5. "Wear it with this expensive moncler vest, who cares if it looks good? That logo is GIGANTIC!" 6. Two completely different suggestions, one of which is their second unhelpful cliche. Somebody clearly took the photo first and they wrote the tip afterwards. 7. "Play with color." Oh, gee, really? I was only going to wear a white shirt and gray trousers with a navy blazer, ever, but gee, you want me to *consider things*? Cool. Thanks. Super helpful, Mr. P. 8. "More formality" -- shows a wide-open denim shirt, sunglasses, a mess of bracelets under an open wrist...  Yay, I caught 'em all, what do I win?
text:FAQ: How do I pick out my first suit for professional internships, interviews, etc.?	labels:I think that an under-discussed part of picking out a first suit for these types of things is getting out and trying them on before you buy. Being comfortable in a suit, even if it’s cheaper or in a less fashionable cut, is more important in interview settings than the eye to detail and quality that we normally discuss on here. A suit that fits in the shoulders, in a neutral color like navy or charcoal, that you know fits because you were able to try it on is way more important to your success than ordering something online that might be objectively better. Interviewers are looking for you to meet their minimum standard of professionalism, not for you to wow with with sartorial taste. Source: had a lot of interviews in college and law school.
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge Announcement: Corduroy	labels:OH BOY LET'S GET IT LET'S GET IT	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 15, 2020	labels:I’m interested in getting basic tees. Any thoughts on the quality of Asket vs Buck Mason vs Pistol Lake?   I’m considering trying all three, but would love to rule one out initially.	episode_done:True
text:I think some information on the different weaves and varieties of fabric and what materials they can be made out of would be super useful. I agree that most people tend to equate silk with materials like satin or charmeuse when silks like noil or dupioni aren't as smooth or shiny. Also, I think a discussion on fabric grain and concepts like twill and other weaves would be helpful for people hoping to avoid clothing with mismatched grain that doesn't sit or wash right. Grain is super important to how the material behaves and it's something a lot of clothing manufacturers are sloppy about.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: 6 Degrees of Separation	labels:Looking through the album I clearly misread the challenge. Really liked the diversity of outfits that came out of this one.	episode_done:True
text:For Veterans Day (US): Military-Inspired Inspo	labels:Totally out of regs.	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Fashion Resolutions	labels:I'm going to be more ethical, which is why I'm going on a ethical $200 a month no buy, during which I will only buy graverobbing tools to procure my clothes in the most ethical manner possible.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 31, 2020	labels:Curious to know how often you guys wash your outerwear like jackets, coats, and overshirts?
text:They could put this thing on the virtual try on thingys that were supposed to be set around Galeries LaFayette to make it learn much faster	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Tucking in shirts	labels:I switched to tucking in my shirts a couple years ago and I've never looked back! What really helped me was to  1) Be strict about only tucking shirts in to high-waisted pants. That way, it shows off my waist, rather than my food baby from lunch. I was tempted to cheat with mid-rise jeans at first, but have felt so much better about myself since I stopped.  2) After you tuck your shirt in, raise your arms above your head to create a slight blousy look-- not being skin tight helps get rid of any insecurities.  Hope that helps! Oversize men's shirts tucked into high-waisted shorts are pretty much my uniform, so I never miss an opportunity to evangelize 😄
text:When to start saving clothes for your children?	labels:I’ve never considered this.   I love fashion and I have A LOT of clothing. I also routinely sell my clothes on Poshmark when they no longer “bring me joy”. So aside from a number of my favourite pieces and basics, my wardrobe is always changing. My mom was quite interested in fashion as well, and she routinely tells me my thrift store finds look like pieces she owned in the 90’s. We moved across the country when I was young so holding on to them wasn’t really an option. I do have some pieces I don’t ever plan on selling and just holding on to as a time capsule or memory; a few political/ charity sweaters, my first Chanel earrings, the Marc Jacobs sneakers I spent 6 years looking for, a pair of bell bottoms from the 70’s with Coca Cola logos all over them.... I don’t know if I’ll ever have kids or if they’ll be interested in fashion but i can imagine myself as an old lady going through a box of my old favourite things and reminiscing.	episode_done:True
text:Gorp/Hikingcore	labels:seems like the world is telling me i need quilted breeks.	episode_done:True
text:I agree, I've never understood what people are doing in the laundry to make their clothes literally fall apart after a few washes. Washing on the hottest setting and drying high heat, maybe?  Ive legitimately never had anything fall apart in the wash ever and I dont take particular care other than cold water and low heat in the dryer (plus not chucking things like sweaters, dress shirts and leggings in the dryer at all). And I used the communal machines in my apartment!	labels:Washing clothes after wearing them only once and doing it on a high setting, I imagine?  Obviously clothes need to be washed if they're smelly, grubby, or you've been sweating in them but it's perfectly fine to wear something a few times before it needs washing.  Also: buying poor quality clothes made from synthetic materials.
text:How many clothes do you have? (Really?)	labels:I think the size of your wardrobe is going to depend on your climate, job, hobbies, and general lifestyle. I have a lot more clothing than that. I also live in a place with four seasons. I have outdoorsy hobbies that require some tougher clothes. I can‘t wear my casual clothing to work (and I’m also holding onto some more professional clothing from a past job in case I return to that field). I don’t have a lot of disposable income either, so I always keep things like dress pants even though I never wear them in my everyday, because I can’t afford to go shopping when interviews and funerals come up.  For instance, I probably have at least 15 dresses alone, once you count all the strappy sundresses, nice work dresses, wool sweater dresses, the cocktail dresses, and the evening gown that’s in the back of my closet - and everything in between.  I swap out my clothing with the seasons and have one closet that I share with my husband, so I try to be judicious about what I keep, while giving myself grace that I don’t need to get rid of something just because I don’t wear it regularly.
text:It was huge but it was struggling real hard to the point the owners wanted to just keep it as a perfume company. 11 designers after Coco's death. The Wertheimer brothers approached Karl and he is the one who changed the classic flap for the better and like you said made Chanel grand and even a larger status people aspire to be apart of.	labels:Agreed! I studied Chanel for a project, I love that we have both geeked out on Coco!
text:What bag(s) are you eying for Spring/Summer 2021?	labels:I’m seriously eyeing consignment stores for a simple, classic vintage bag, preferably Prada or Celine. I’d love to get a well maintained, muted tone one so I know that patience is key here since it takes forever to get one that is just right.
text:What pieces would you love "backups" of?	labels:My combat boots stopped being produced in 1986. I've had them resoled once already, i plan to continue until I die.   My favourite shirt is an elastic neck blouse from Torrid i got on final clearance. When it dies i plan to turn it into a pattern and crank out like 10 more.	episode_done:True
text:What's your favorite kind of novelty clothing?	labels:silly earrings! my favorite are a pair of tacky wooden cats wearing sunglasses in vibrant '90s colors. thrifted, ofc. they're like 4 inches long, super lightweight, ridiculous, and wonderful. they get many compliments.
text:Also, use an adblocker!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Honestly the pandemic is a pretty cool opportunity to switch up your style/wear things you usually wouldn't in the comfort of your home (assuming you're not leaving the house much) by the time you start leaving your house more hypothetically you'll feel much more comfortable wearing things like jewelery because you've actually been wearing it for weeks	labels:Agreed, but my coworkers are in for a shock when they see me over a year later having completely flipped my style and looking like some sort of Harry Styles / Ramones hybrid with zero context.
text:Underwear review: Soma vs. Parade after 6 months	labels:I stupidly fell into the Parade trap by an influencer I follow and I really just hate everything about them, and lucky for me I decided to buy 6 during my order lol  I got the re:play thong, the fit is just *bad*. I wear smalls in most underwear, and medium in others so based on them running bigger, I got small. They're loose in the hip/waist, but the crotch part is tight and uncomfortable. The bands are also really apparent under clothes, and there's a seem that gives me sensory rage	episode_done:True
text:Yeah it’s kinda like when I	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Chicago 7 is a highly entertaining true story about the 60s antiwar movement, and honestly would only be more entertaining if had played even closer to the actual history	labels:Been meaning to check this, thanks man!	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 24, 2020	labels:Looking for men's jeans with a higher rise (think 80s high rise). The Levi 501s have their highest off-the-shelf rise and those are the only ones I really buy. Any other brands have that retro high rise?	episode_done:True
text:Tips for reducing impulse buying/careless spending?	labels:When I did a shopping detox a few years ago, I found that using shopping to fill time was as big an issue for me as wanting new things. Yes, the fun of the purchase and desire to wear something new contributed to shopping. But the bigger issue for me was that I used shopping to fill downtime. It was an issue at in-person stores, e.g. in between a fitness class and work, and at home when I had plenty of time for online shopping. I had to find other ways to fill my time. I took walks between errands and tasks. I did some errands and maintenance work that I'd been putting off. I read and exercised more. It helped me see how much time I was dedicating to shopping and how much time I had available for other things if I shifted priorities a bit.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 24	labels:Is clothing from Brooks Brothers good? I'm eyeing on of their red fleece cashmere sweaters for my boyfriend's Christmas present but it's kind of pricey and I havent had much experience with their clothing.	episode_done:True
text:Canada Post GOAT  My parents were scared Christmas presents wouldn't arrive in time, they sent them last week *regular parcel mail* and they arrived *the next day*	labels:On the other hand my package coming via Canada Post expedited is 2 days late lol	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 08	labels:Oh man my 2 Redwing Beckmans I proxied have finally shipped and I'm super pumped   I'm just gonna chill out and watch football all day it's just become my sunday ritual lol I'm so exhausted from hanging out with friends all week and none of them like it anyway	episode_done:True
text:Girl if I go to the trouble to put on a hat and secure it to my head, you better believe I'm keeping that shit on inside.   If you take it off, it ruins the security previously established when you left home, never to be attained again on the go, you inevitably have hat hair, and then you have to carry it or put it somewhere, which is annoying.   Wear your hats inside! No one cares!	labels:Its generally considered very rude to wear a hat inside someones house in my area (and many others) which is why I mentioned it. I wouldnt actually say anything to someone who wore a hat in my house bc thats super awkward and rude lol. Of course this may vary with location and absolutely never applies to religious head coverings.  Fun fact my family friend once scolded Chris Hemsworth for wearing a hat inside her house while picking up his kid, and when he took it off and profusely apologized for his rudeness she just about expired, as she had no idea her son's friend was the kid of THAT Hemsworth lmfao	episode_done:True
text:Yohji Yamamoto F/W 2021	labels:Imo Yohji's work, more than any other current designer, is done a huge disservice in pictures versus seeing them move in video or on person. So much of his design ethos is lost unless it's in motion.	episode_done:True
text:Grad/Masters Fashion Program Reality?	labels:If your goal is to start your own brand or become a fashion designer, or work in the fashion industry on the design and creative side, a marketing degree is an order of magnitude more valuable than a fashion design degree (granted, it should ideally be from a fashion school or a highly respected school). Everyone and their born-rich roommate in NYC has a fashion design degree just because they're interested in fashion and didn't know what to study in uni. In these industries with oversupply of graduates (who are willing to work for less than you), your goal should be to be significantly more valuable than your competitors. Having a marketing double major is one way, though it's also not very uncommon and you will still have significant competition.
text:Just how revolutionary is Harry Styles’ Vogue cover?	labels:The article hit all the points I was thinking except one. Why Harry? Why do we all look at Harry Styles when talking about revolutionary men's fashion when there are so many others who've done it before and are doing it right now. Just a thought.
text:Derek Guy: The Crown’s ‘Balmoral Test’ Barbours Are Not Just Jackets	labels:Excellent piece here - dress code is always never to just look nice. It's a way of identifying your relative social status or - as is the case for many of us who live in contemporary American cities - your cultural capital.  Enjoy those Red Wing Iron Rangers in Amber Harness! We all know you're not just dressing up to be a Minnesota iron miner.	episode_done:True
text:Also if a garment looks sheer on the model or gapes in places (like under the arms, for tank tops), that can give you clues.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What did you teach your mom about fashion?	labels:My mom cared a lot of about looks and was very stylish before marriage and kids. She was beautiful in middle age but had no income for clothes and stuff as she was a stay at home mom. She did however teach us a lot about femininity and hygiene and hair and makeup. I didn’t realize how much she had taught me until recently. As a preteen I watched a lot of What Not to Wear so I thought I had become a fashion expert (even if i only got one new outfit per year and it was an embarrassing monkey character T-shirt 🤣) anyhow I always tried to give her fashion advice to make her feel better about herself and in hindsight she shouldn’t have listened to my tip to buy green seersucker capris 😂 she died when I was 17 but if I could, I would treat her to all the nice stuff I can now afford to buy for myself 🥰	episode_done:True
text:How do they dress? I was told all black, black blazers, thick round black glasses...	labels:They just look like normal office dudes. Most wear basic tees, jeans etc and only dress up when we have a corporate event on.
text:General Discussion - October 23	labels:So I am a 25 year old man. I don't have much of a wardrobe that fits anymore. I want to dress like an adult (sick of T-shirts and athletic shorts). How can I achieve this? Is there a guide that is a 2020 updated version?
text:weeeaaaaaaak	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Cristophe Loiron of Mister Freedom - Inspiration Album	labels:What I'd give to dress like this, I need to step up my game	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge Announcement: Single Origin!	labels:Is "place" like "retailer" or "designer" or "location". Like, is Japan a place?
text:Dressing 'out of time' (vintage/history bounding)	labels:I've always loved vintage/historical clothing (Edwardian and 1940s/1950s are my favorite), but it's just not practical where I live (tropical country) to dress like that all the time, so I just add a vintage touch here and there to my outfits. I wear a lot of brooches, midi skirts, broderie anglaise blouses, and lace-up heels and boots. Usually I would mix them with more modern pieces or mix decades (so an Edwardian blouse with a 1940s skirt, for example) so it doesn't look like a costume. Most of my stuff I got from vintage/secondhand stores.	episode_done:True
text:Inauguration Fashion Discussion	labels:Our National *youth* Poet Laureate looking like a rising sun of youth and hope. I love her accessories so SO much. Amanda Gorman !  Edit: She’s the National Youth Poet Laureate 💛❤️
text:What are your favorite tough winter boots?	labels:If you have wide feet/ high arches, Merrell all the way.	episode_done:True
text:London street style Inspo (circa 1985-1990s)	labels:I'll just join in the chorus and say how current so many of these looks are.  I'd love to see what r/streetwear would make of them, consider a crosspost OP?  Outside of their setting, what do you feel actually dates these fits? I feel like the headwear is sometimes a dead giveaway to their era.	episode_done:True
text:Tan France Masterclass	labels:I can’t wait either!!!!	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Rock & Roll	labels:This was so much fun! Really pushed me to wear something I normally wouldn't, but it's an aesthetic I can see myself returning to.	episode_done:True
text:Saved this comment because it resonates so hard with me and my own personal style journey. Finding one’s own style is a combination of looking both outward and inward for inspiration.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are your favorite, trusted clothing lines for buying wear-forever investment classics?	labels:For cashmere specifically, you should try Pringle of Scotland, Johnston of Elgin, and Agnona on resell sites. They are top tier cashmere brands but not " well known" like Brunello Cuccinelli or Loro Piana. Brora is also very good quality but their styles can be a little "JC Penny" or "Kohls” catalog. I don't know how you describe it, but yeah.  Otherwise, what immediately came to mind for me is Adam Lippes. It's insanely expensive, up there with your “fashion house designers” but unlike those, it's not super well known and not an "it-brand" so there's not a lot of fakes floating around. I thrift it off of Ebay, the RealReal, and occasionally discount sites and never worry about authenticating it the way I would for say, Chanel, Dior, Gucci, Prada etc. I'm no stranger to designer goods but their material and construction is absolutely amazing. Like the highest quality, weightiest fabric you can imagine. Honestly you could wear their shirts inside out because the hems are finished so perfectly, it'd be hard to tell.   Another one that I love that I NEVER hear of is Petar Petrov. What that brand does with silk is frankly incredible. The colors and cuts (especially their very flattering body skimming bias cuts) are stunning in person and nothing like any kind other designer I’ve ever seen. Again pricey pricey, but not popular/not high in demand so a diligent online shopper could thrift it more easily.  Sometimes even with truly luxury designer, I feel like the consumer is paying for the logo-bling, design and but necessarily quality. But these two luxury brands are IMO consistently both design and quality and no visible logos.
text:General Discussion - January 03, 2021	labels:I feel like the folks in my neighborhood have, on average, started dressing much better over the past month. I've definitely heard that people are eager to dress up since going out is so rare now, but it's only recently that I've seen this myself. Textured sweaters, wide pants, bold color choices... it's all been happening. Anybody else been seeing this?
text:Oh I get it, yes, you are correct!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I bought these very popular aritzia melina leather pants..an inspo album and fit pictures	labels:Apologies if this is off-topic, but I really wanted to sincerely thank you for not making your room tidy and picture-perfect for your first group of shots. Maybe I’m showing my age, but I feel like it’s really rare to see normal photos of normal houses and normal lives these days! A place looking lived-in is nothing to be ashamed of.	episode_done:True
text:Also in cbus. Everyone's required to wear Homage as well	labels:I don’t hate that requirement.	episode_done:True
text:Yearly Aesthetic Goal Setting	labels:That’s brilliant! I was doing moodboards for my clients but I never thought doing it for my life.	episode_done:True
text:Where do you get good quality, legit wool sweaters that won't rip/shrink after washing?	labels:Check out soak detergent for handwashing sweaters. But personally I like Lord and Taylor cashmere. At the end of the season it goes in deep sale. Also easy to find secondhand.
text:Interesting. I wonder what value they see if it’s so obvious they’ve been on a decline for so long and ate scrubbing the name. It’d be odd to have the GBG sub-brand living under GUESS Factory forever. And it is sad the designers went on F21 because the stuff there (I am speaking for men) has declined so so much. When the men’s stuff came out in 2008, the designs and quality were SO good. Yes, it is fast fashion, but quality was so there. I bought F21 like crazy up till 2014 or so when quality started to slip. I met a guy who knew designers at F21 and said many from the initial Heritage 1981 men’s launch were pouched from GUESS (the irony).	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How to combine colors	labels:The #1 rule in fashion is to always wear a print with a complementary or neutral (i.e. black, gray, white, etc.) solid.	episode_done:True
text:Help! I need an entire new wardrobe!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 27, 2020	labels:Hot take: speaking from experience, fetishistically optimizing the most basic of basics (e.g. "the best plain white t-shirt") for maximum imagined value is not a meaningful nor worthwhile exercise. Your wardrobe is not more interesting because your white tee is better than another white tee, and by the time you've found the 'perfect' piece either the prevailing trend or your own preferences will probably have changed.  'Perfect tee' threads are usually highly-upvoted, but the answers have drawn from the same pool for the last goddamn decade:  - *Vintage/workwear (generally heavier, boxier, shorter):* 3sixteen, Buzz Rickson's, Lady White Co. - *Streetwear (generally lighter, slimmer, longer):* Reigning Champ, wings + horns, John Elliott - *"Normal" (somewhere in the middle)*: Naked & Famous, Arket, American Apparel when they still existed - *Edgy goth shit:* Rick Owens mainline for lighter and DRKSHDW for heavier, Kazuyuki Kumagai Attachment, Voidthebrand when they still existed - *Budget*: Muji, Uniqlo, Everlane, Bella+Canvas, etc., but no one really cares  It's functionally a solved question. You can pick one from the applicable list for your style, and it'll be *fine.*
text:General Discussion - January 09, 2021	labels:Baby's first Rick and it doesn't fit (╯︵╰,)
text:Inspo Album: The Fun Coats Club	labels:Have you seen KarenBritChick's insta or youtube? She is the queen of fun coats	episode_done:True
text:How did you curate/purge your wardrobe specifically for moving? What pieces did you bring when moving to a drastically different climate? What other fashion moving tips do people have?	labels:When I moved from a very hot climate to a super cold, snowy one I was in a weird place both financially and with my wardrobe. It was supposed to be extremely short term but ended up being long term/possibly permanent, which definitely messed with my expectations for my wardrobe.  Eventually I got rid of all my "warm weather" clothes for various reasons, mostly size/style ones, and when I was able to started to stock up on winter wear. I didn't know what I liked so I just kind of went for it. For example, I thrifted tons of scarves only to barely use them a couple years later because I realized I only like infinity scarves. The same thing happened with multiple categories because I was so desperate to fill the missing chunk of my wardrobe.  I agree with the advice to wait as long as possible before making drastic changes. Its hard to know what you'll actually end of needing, much less what you'll like or enjoy using. See what you can pick up secondhand to try out styles that suit your new climate best before investing a lot of money or time into altering your wardrobe.	episode_done:True
text:Those Needles Track Pants	labels:It’s not often I fiend for a pair of track pants, fuck I need to find a job...	episode_done:True
text:How does everyone here dress when bloated?	labels:oversized shirt and jeans	episode_done:True
text:FAQ: What is the difference between off the rack (OTR), made to measure (MTM) and Bespoke?	labels:/u/blackstrider has a great TL;DR but I'll add a bit more detail to MTM and Bespoke.  MTM: The pattern/style is generally pretty fixed, often there aren't fittings, and you make adjustments by changing standard measurements like "I want to add 0.5" to the leg opening". Pretty flexible format but I find it takes a couple of garments to really figure things out which can be tough.  Bespoke: Often a pattern is created for *you*, there are multiple fittings (in-person). This is where you can get really specialized tailoring looking at the pitch of you arms, how much you round your shoulders, etc. Bespoke tailors/cordwainers will also have styles that they specialize in so don't go to a tailor that specializes in structured "English drape" if you're looking for a casual unlined jacket or something.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 04, 2021	labels:Where can I find size 13 men’s nike air force 1’s in Australia? Looking for white with any coloured tick.	episode_done:True
text:Second this. Pretty sleep clothes also. I've been wearing ripped leggings, non matching underwear, an old shirt, and not shaving for months now and I feel terrible lol. I got a silky cami set earlier in the year and a chiffon one with long pants and felt so nice. Could get a little chilly, but a nice blanket helped. Even just taking care of yourself(hygiene,skin,keeping up old routines, exercise, etc) helps me during winter. Treat yourself like you're sexy and you'll feel it.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How Much Clothing Should I Own?	labels:I don't think anyone is going to be able to tell you this as it's subjective and dependent on your job and lifestyle. It's going to come down to keeping stuff you actually wear on a weekly basis and throwing away stuff you don't wear. This will let you know where you stand with your wardrobe right now and you can build from there.     Personally, I just went though this and cleaned out my closet from all the all the old high school, college, and worn clothes I still had hanging around and my mind set was that ***it's better for me to throw away a little too much than too little***. Only do this if your in the financial situation where you know you can replace an article of clothing pretty easily though.
text:i think it's nice because while the colors are a bit simplistic and the pieces themselves aren't anything too over the top design-wise, they have a lot of nice little details that are fun which make it exciting for me. also the outerwear especially has some really fun silhouettes!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone else not factor in pants when creating outfits? How to move away from this?	labels:I was like this too and just had skinny jeans in different washes for a long time. In the past year or so I’ve collected some more interesting jeans that I love to wear even more and change up every outfit but are still jeans. For example, I have looser fit jeans that have a paper bag waist, looser jeans that have a pinstripe wash pattern, jeans with a plaid wash pattern, wide leg jeans with buttons instead of a fly. I think this, along with the different colored jeans others have mentioned, is a good way to change up your look while still keeping the comfort of jeans.  I’ve found these jeans from Hollister, Levi’s, Gap.  I myself have been looking to upgrade my wardrobe a little bit by looking for some dress pants that I could use to dress up otherwise casual outfits. For inspiration I would look to pinterest or stylist tiktoks. @morgankvogel is a toktoker I just came across that had some aesthetic inspiration tiktoks I liked and she included some stores to get started.	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Corduroy	labels:did you guys hear about those new corduroy pillows? They're making headlines
text:Dressing for “housework” vs “working from my house”	labels:Why wear shoes at all if you're home? I wear shearling slippers when it's cold, and just socks when it's not.
text:What is the upscale version of Fashion Nova / SHEIN / boohoo / Nasty Gal? i.e. trendy + youth-oriented but not trash quality	labels:Seconding Asos, they have free returns for online orders as well. You could also try Lulu's and Revolve Clothing.
text:If money were no object? Bespoke or haute couture?	labels:In this hypothetical I'd go with haute couture. In your friend's situation I'd keep looking until I found a designer I liked. Bespoke would be my last option for a couple of reasons. Your friend wants contemporary fashion, but most bespoke tailors make traditional clothes for a typically older crowd (you're in NYC though so there are some bespoke tailors catering to a younger crowd; make sure you look for them specifically). The bespoke tailors catering to a younger crowd don't have designs as good as high end ready to wear IMO. Tailoring and designing are different skills, and there's a reason Louis Vuittion, YSL, Dior, Gucci, etc pay their head designers millions per year. Of course some $4000 coats are worth more than others, so it would be good to know a bit about general quality.  Personally, I prioritize design over fit. I can deal with a less than perfect fit if I love the design of a piece. But I won't wear a piece if I don't love the design, even if it fits well.   The middle ground option is made to measure, or MTM. MTM for outerwear isn't as common for suiting, but it's out there.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 31	labels:Using a collar pin as a key holder?  I've been using a horseshoe-shaped screwball key holder for a while now but I'm thinking about trying something new. I don't have many keys and thought, what if instead of a horseshoe-shaped screwball holder it was line-shaped instead?  I can't find anything like this online, but the closest thing I can think of is a collar pin or a small bolt with ball-shaped ends.  Has anyone tried something like this?	episode_done:True
text:How Japan's Best Men’s Magazines Gained a Cult Following in the US	labels:I love these magazines for their pictures and some articles, but I always felt a lot of them just end up being big ads for their friends stores/brands. Many of the ones made by the same publisher like Clutch, 2nd, Go Out, Lightning also just focus on buying with some short flowery description of the product and not much else. I’d like to see more stuff that involves lifestyle, articles, and stuff. Although it makes sense that the lack of this has brought in more readers from the west, more product pictures and less blocks of text. I also understand that the magazines scopes are limited so therefore they must retread the same discussions over and over.  Also the fact that Go Outs focuses mostly on glamping (glam camping, it was a top searched word in Japan last year) kills me as some one who loves outdoor stuff. It doesn’t have much in the way of actual camping, just setting up huge luxurious tents in an open field for the most part.  Maybe I’m just salty because all the magazines show cool stores but all of them are in Tokyo while never here in Kyoto.	episode_done:True
text:Guys who lost a lot of weight, how did you change your style?	labels:if you've ever been interested in trying the boxy/oversized looks, now might be a time to try it to see how you feel  i've found that it tends to look best when combined with folks who have slimmer frames	episode_done:True
text:This is the way	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 09, 2020	labels:MFA lurkers x Supreme worst collab of 2020  Also anyone ever juice cleansed? SO does is fairly often  and I’m joining in the next few days. 1 bottle down, 17 to go
text:I do wonder about how fashion will acknowledge the recoveries of different countries.  Like Wuhan's throwing pool parties now, so--you know, it's a different vibe.  The fact that China also consumes a lot of luxury goods also complicates things; and I wonder if the Chinese consumer would be interested in some of the more drab utilitarian offerings I've seen trickling in.  On the whole, Chinese consumers don't exactly get excited about dropping big dollars on depression chic (and does anyone really?).	labels:I think, like when the discussion of size inclusivity in fashion houses comes up, they’ll cater to the rest of the world vs the US. If the fashion industry relied on Americans for trends and what works, they’d be SOL  FFA just needs to accept that they are not BV, Hermès, Gucci or Balenciagas target demographic. They are for people who don’t need to ask “how much?” and don’t flinch at the thought of dropping 4K on a leather jacket. Much of FFA is American, so...that explains a lot of this subs issue with life going on during and after this pandemic	episode_done:True
text:what are your fashion flaws?	labels:Not planning what I am going to wear the night before plus not being a morning person, and then not utilizing my closet’s potential because I just pick out whatever is quickest while getting ready. So many beautiful clothes and outfits never worn!
text:Sizing relationships between brands	labels:Some websites (department stores, ASOS) have a true fit tool where you put in your measurements, body type, and well fitting item of clothing and that information is used to recommend sizing.   It’s also a good idea to know your measurements in general if you’re buying secondhand as many sellers will list the measurements of the garment.  But overall sizing can be so wild within one brand, much less across multiple that I dint think there’s much of a rule of thumb.
text:Waxed canvas, lol. Yup. I got tons of that.  Worrying about people being able to tell you have a fake and being self conscious about it is not worth it.	labels:The self-consciousness wasn't worth it to me, either. I decided I was better off going quality no-name, since the brands I could afford were not doing anything I liked. One day I'll have the money for even a used name that I'm interested in, but for now I'll support a smaller operation.	episode_done:True
text:I cannot thank you enough for this! I’m a huge history buff,and I’m really interested in fashion and costumes, so the whole historical explanation really resonated with me.  I hope I’m paraphrasing correctly, but I really like what you said about separating your preferences from body image,because ironicly, my fellow adhd-friends who have the same anti-pants sentiments as me are all pretty petite and thin. Also on another ironic note, I definitely have been the fittest i’ve ever been when I’ve let myself wear what I want and feel best in, it’s hard to have the motivation to work out and eat for your body when you are so dang uncomfortable! Do you have any clothing recommendations? I have a feeling we’d like similar stuff☺️	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Favorite brands to thrift?	labels:Harder to find in stores around me, but I love ebay shopping for J Jill items. They are really good quality and material, but they retail for so cheap second hand! My favorite linen dresses and button ups were all second hand Jjill and I dont think I've paid more than $15 for any item.	episode_done:True
text:> Jobs are not your life and I wish that was the culture we lived in.   All you need to do is destroy capitalism.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Rugbies are sick: an inspo album	labels:God I love my Columbiaknit so much, rugbies are probably the single best actual of item of clothing I’ve taken from this sub, I just wish I could figure out how to work them into my current wardrobe	episode_done:True
text:thank you yes!!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I’ve wanted to properly watch the original and remake, just need to schedule some viewing time. Kind of curious what really happened in the real life case!	labels:It was never a real life event, only fiction! But the story is so beautifully written that people started believing it was real. Hanging Rock on the other hand  is very much a real place and is a perfect setting for a gothic story.
text:murray crumbus	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Show me your fall boots!	labels:I love in florida where nobody ever wears boots and I am massively jealous right now	episode_done:True
text:What are your most loved ride-or-die winter clothing items?	labels:my Sorels. I’m a Texas transplant to an actual winter and they both keep me from breaking my neck on ice (my inability to walk on ice is an ongoing joke) and I can tramp through about any slush puddle and still have toasty toes.
text:Omg the descriptions are amazing. Was that Elaine's job?? Now I want the catalog too!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Hearing this from *the* inspiration guide man brings me great joy	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Black Friday Sale/Deal List 2020	labels:Not sure if this helps anybody, but Backcountry.com is selling some big brands at decent prices on sale.   For instance, they have Reigning Champ hoodies for 108	episode_done:True
text:Or anything with pumpkin spice or worse, anti-pumpkin spice sentiments. You shouldn't love or hate pumpkin spice so much that you need to announce it to the world on a $19.99 shirt 😂.	labels:I know that ~ironic~ tacky shirts are played out, but all this thread has done is make me want incredibly hyperbolic versions of all of these   “I would kill or die for Starbucks® Pumpkin Spice Latte™”  “mommy needs her wine to deal with the unending horror of existence 🤪”	episode_done:True
text:Best 2020 pajamas?!	labels:I honestly prefer night gowns. Does that make me weird? I swear I’m not 80. I just can’t stand bottoms twisting as I toss and turn. Anyways, I have the hardest time finding nightgowns that aren’t made for the elderly or aren’t lace nighties. I just want a cute and soft night gown! Until then I’m also in the oversized T-shirt camp.
text:I bought way too many things from farm rio in 2020...  They often have 30% off sale prices which means you can get some bargains - though note everything more than 50% (60?) is final sale. Having said that, everything I’ve bought has been quite different in style and I’ve found things true to size so far.  Anthropologie also stocks them and I’ve bought a couple things on even steeper sale from them, however the fabrics and construction seemed cheaper to me.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Omega ha but the GMT would be solid choice too!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for this!!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The 90s Are Back. Long Live the 70s.	labels:No mention of pervasive polyester double knit?  Leisure suits?  Platform shoes?  Huckapoo shirts?  Ubiquitous plaid?  Wait...90s, not real 70s.
text:Hooded Sweatshirt Roundup	labels:Bizarre exclusion of both Reigning Champ (CYC) and House of Blanks (Roopa Knitting Mills)  The huge portion of the article justifying the purchasing and wearing of a hooded sweatshirt is also one of the more pointless things ever written by this publication.
text:What did your mom teach you about fashion/style - and what did she not teach you?	labels:If I picture my mom's typical winter outfit it was a sweater with snakes wearing sombreros and margaritas embroidered on it, a burgundy "sweater jacket" with fringe, and a pink/orange/green bucket purse.*  So I guess she taught me "fuck it, wear what you want", but it did take me a while to adopt that attitude.   *tbf, this was a look for moms in the 90s
text:Any particular recommendations on where to start?	labels:I definitely don't have the knowledge to be giving out recommendations, but if you're in school I'd take advantage of any academic journals you're given free access to.	episode_done:True
text:WEEKLY DEALZ!	labels:surprisingly, Barbour jackets aren't excluded from Bloomingdales' 15% off email sign-up code (every other retailer that sells them excludes them). I got $60 off and a $75 gift card for signing up for the loyalty program.
text:What is one item that you own too much of?	labels:Boots
text:Recreating Pinterest outfits.	labels:Hi! I’m a fashion blogger and I post all my outfit details ready to shop on my LIKEtoKNOW.it. A lot of bloggers post their outfits there which helps people find the exact or similar items you see in those pictures! :) hope that helps 🤍	episode_done:True
text:The joy of cordovan—and how to wear and maintain it	labels:Cordovan is an Instagram dream - it’s lustrous and has a ton of color depth. Unfortunately I find  actually wearing it is a different story. It’s extremely stiff and inflexible, especially during the first 20-30 wears. It’s the coldest leather I’ve ever worn (like my feet are freezing even with medium wool socks). On the flip side, they are super warm in anything over 75 degrees so I avoid them in summer. Spotting in the rain is incredibly annoying so I’ve just avoided wearing them in high temps, whereas my calf boots are completely fine in summer. Also, they are on dainite soles which are terrible in winter snow or slush.   I’m glad I own a pair of color 8 Alden 986, and my Viberg bourbon shell service boots. They are great for certain occasions. But in sum, I have a pair of ~$1300 boots that I generally can wear between 40-75 degrees Fahrenheit when there’s no precipitation or inclement weather. Keep that in mind before you jump into the shell world.
text:Joe’s new balance outlet is the official NB outlet store, they run sales pretty often but you just gotta be patient. They usually have some MiUSA 99x series shoes in stock.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:(Man) Repeller: A postmortem	labels:She built it. It’s hers to burn down.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 14, 2020	labels:What are some good slim fit brands for bigger muscular guys? I’m really into leather jackets and skinny stuff. Any brands for muscular men?	episode_done:True
text:“Sadd” Colors: 1620s Puritans to 2021	labels:This post is both very meme-y and entirely too much effort—please do more! I’d love to see a inspo album with these colors across the ages.
text:Nike Among Many Brands Lobbying Against Xinjiang Forced Labor Bill	labels:Someone correct me if I’m wrong but afaik the companies are against a specific part of the bill that says they can face punishment regardless of whether an audit turns up evidence of forced labor, with their stance subsequently being twisted into being against the whole bill.  EDIT: added missing words
text:> well moisturized,  🌚	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Unique brands/boutiques in your city?	labels:Some nice places around Europe:  * Switzerland:    * Geneva: on weekends, there's a flea market around the park near Patek Philippe Museum. I loved it especially for vintage fashion magazines and books but also clothes and jewelries.    * Lausanne, Boutique Etat d’Ame: kind of elegant garments with a twist. I love especially their shoes, they have elevated designs of classic types of shoes.    * Lausanne, MANIAK Boutique: this is a really fun and weird boutique where you'll find: some second-hand items, leather jackets and corsets, costume stuff, urban brands like Dickies and Carhartt, vintage dresses, etc. It's a really fun, quirky mess of everything. Every time I went there I bought something, it's one of my favorite shops ever.    *  Zürich: There's a nice flea market in Stadthausanlage on weekends.    *  Zürich, Fizzen: part second-hand, part regular shop, it has some nice designs similar to MANIAK in Lausanne. Also in Zürich, Barbar Vintage usually has a large selection of SH jeans and on Bleicherweg there are some more high-end vintage stores near the offices of consulting companies (what a coincidence). * France, Annecy: there is (was? maybe temporarily cancelled because of Covid-19) a quite large monthly flea market on the last Saturday of every month. I went there once especially for this and it was amazing. * Romania, Bucharest: some local boutiques are Ioana Ciolacu (designer items), Ana Urbana (shoes), Gazzelle (shoes and bags), Diana Cojocaru (unique porcelain jewelry, doesn't have a regular store but regularly hosts exhibitions around Bucharest, worth checking her Instagram account), IONA (lovely gold jewelry), Malvensky (also nice gold jewelry), Iutta (handbags and shoes with traditional motives). A lot of these boutiques can be visited only by appointment, so check this beforehand.	episode_done:True
text:i don't see any spikes	labels:they were under my beanie	episode_done:True
text:From Runway to reddit: Ready-to-Wear Purchasing and the Fashion Calendar Explained	labels:This is very accurate! I was able to attend a few runway shows in Paris early this year and was whisked away right after the show to the showroom. Was very cool seeing one of my all time favorite celebrity (model really) in the showroom on the wall. I was a bit starstruck.   The person I was with ordered a jacket from this brand at the showroom at the beginning of the year and it was only made ready in the past 2 weeks.	episode_done:True
text:>I’d also pay attention to the content of the compliment.  This is so interesting, but this is kind of hard too, sometimes. I had thought that maybe the novelty of the color was the reason for most of the compliments, but I have had several people who know me well also tell me that they like the color because it looks like it is natural and not like I dyed it (which, I guess is true since it is the result of a botched lightening job and not actual dye?).  Then again, these people also told me for years that they liked my bangs ... maybe they're all just benevolent liars. Unfortunately my hairdresser quit during the pandemic due to having a vulnerable family member so there's no one now I trust to tell me the truth about my hair.	labels:Well, I think it’s also important to recognize that people have different tastes and preferences. Lord knows I would never let my husband, who I love dearly, choose my clothes.   It’s also possible to have multiple things be true simultaneously. The color is unusual, it looks natural on you *and also* it’s not what you wanted (I’m guessing, based on “botched lightening job”).  Hair color is tough because it doesn’t lend itself to the “well, I’ll keep it in the closet and see how often I actually wear it” compromise that most of us make with clothes that we’re iffy about. Unless you’re a big scarf person or like wigs, it’s kind of an either/or question.	episode_done:True
text:> It’s Purge day, mothafuckas.  😂	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Thank all of you	labels:It sounds like you had an outstanding in store experience and I'm delighted for you. Congratulations on finally having shoes you're excited to put on and I hope they live up to every little bit of that excitement for you.  The best bit is that good quality shoes get *more* comfortable as you imprint on the cork inside and the leather conforms to your feet. It's joyful to slip on a pair of shoes that you've owned for a few years. It's like working in a butt groove on your favourite chair but for your feet.	episode_done:True
text:Throwback Thursday: Revisiting our 'Finding A Style and Building A Wardrobe' guide	labels:Double check some of the links—some of them were broken. (Anushcka Rees, last I checked)	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 15, 2020	labels:So, I generally think that the phrase "toxic masculinity" gets thrown around too casually nowadays but on the Facebook Red Wing group there is a seemingly weekly post by someone complaining about cuffed jeans and/or bemoaning the fact that RW Heritage are fashion boots. Inevitably the comments use the word "hipster" as an insult when it is so clearly a euphemism for "fag".    The whole thing is so gross and tiring. I guess that can be said for lots of stuff in 2020.
text:WAYWT - February 17, 2021	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Yesss I too want to get some (more) Arq stuff if there’s a Black Friday sale	labels:Sounds like they must be good indeed if you're going back for more!	episode_done:True
text:I didn’t know there could be a right answer to this question but look! Here it is!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Suit Supply Review Times Two	labels:While we can't say for certain: is it possible that the second experience is the correct one? A lot of men believe that they need a fully custom suit to fit well, but in actuality for most body types the patterns are rather close. If an OTR size with alterations would look great, paying for MTM is a waste of money. I've done MTM suits and bought OTR suits and have generally found that getting OTR with alterations is a faster way to a well fitting suit than the low to mid level MTM stuff we're talking about here. I've done Indochino MTM which was generally a mess and a tuxedo from Black Lapel which eventually worked out well, following one full remake and $100 of local alterations (that they paid for). My OTR blue line suits from SS fit great after alterations.
text:Ordered from Shoe The Bear (rant, experience in post)	labels:Sorry, this isn't directly helpful, but I've ordered from Shoe The Bear two or three times. The first time I kept the boots (suede chelseas) and they were uncomfortable and never broke in, but did very soon expand to way outside the size of my feet despite following their guidelines and ordering what was eventually 2 sizes below my normal size (having ordered multiples to test) leaving my feet to flop about at the heel and yet rub on my toes to the point of leaving red and slightly blistered skin.  Each time after that I've sent them back, based both on sizing and the appearance of quality. I would never buy them at the full prices they charge based on the workmanship and materials they use, and even on sale, they are quite sneaky about how returns work - they put it out loudly that they include a return label, but you have to dig to note that that return label is then deducted from the cost of your refund, and it's not cheap.   The last time I did this, I couldn't use the return label at the post office, even though the website said I could, so I paid for my own postage. When they did refund me, not only had they still tried to charge me for usage of the label, but they appeared to have applied it twice. I contacted the customer support to query this, at which point they asked me if I had used the return label, which A) they should really know at that point, and B) wouldn't have explained the extra charge anyway. They said they would refund it and I should see it in my account sometime that week (it was on a Monday). Guess what? No refund - I had to contact them *again* the following Wednesday to remind them, and only then were the accounts department finally moved to action.   Good deal on sale or not, I would never order from Shoe The Bear again.
text:As Chanel Raises Prices For A Second Time this Year, What Do Luxury Brands’ Inflating Prices Mean for Them & for the Industry at Large?	labels:It promotes "exclusivity" and trying to achieve that "status."  Honestly, Louis Vuitton and Gucci are "luxury" but I see them far more often now than I did in the past because it's now somehow accessible.
text:Are LBD’s really a MUST?	labels:Nothing is a must.  As someone who has travelled, I can attest why such pieces that are considered "musts" exist. The LBD is a considered a "must" because it's a simple piece you can take from day to night, style up or down with accessories.  If you don't need a quick or versatile piece in your wardrobe, a LBD isn't a must because you don't need it. If dresses aren't your thing, then an LBD isn't a must because you'll never reach for it. If black is actually a colour that looks bad on you, then the LBD isn't a must either. ETC.  You have to evaluate your own needs to see if you need an LBD. In general, I'd say most women wouldn't mind wearing a dress, so an LBD (it can be another colour) is something that can get a lot of use. A simple white dress in summer is the best candidate to understand it.	episode_done:True
text:Good luck :(((	labels:Thanks fam. I have an hhkb being delivered this week. So at least I'll have some mods to keep me busy before I type up my will.
text:What’s going to be the next shoe of the year	labels:Whatever it is I hope it’s not square toes and yet another season of suede winter boots too delicate to wear in weather
text:Show me your fall boots!	labels:I have the Marc Fisher Yale booties from last year and just got a pair of Rag and Bone walker booties which I love. I also recently got some amazing vintage suede cowboy boots and knee high brown leather boots from a thrift store. I have my eye on some knee high black leather boots from Frye as well but should probably stop. I have a boot problem 😬	episode_done:True
text:Would love to hear about Camoshita!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:People with an over the top personal style, how do you incorporate it into your day to day?	labels:As someone who dresses like an absolute nut job I have learned that generally speaking as long as your outfit is overall appropriate for the situation, you can get away with murder. Like I wouldn't wear a sequined micro mini or ballgown to my office job, but I would absolutely wear a velvet suit and a bunch of brooches. I have also noticed that when I wear pieces that I love, my confidence increases throughout the day. Sometimes I have moments in the day where I look down and think "dang, this outfit is cool and I feel cool!" Those moments just give me a boost of confidence all on their own. The last thing is that people are generally too busy with their own lives to notice what you're wearing. They're doing them, so do you and have fun with it!   edit-words
text:How do you care for your expensive/fragile pieces?	labels:Honestly not using the dryer is the best piece of advice (of course being allergic to fabric softener made my decision for me).  I have Forever 21 pieces in my closet that are at least a decade old.  They survived.
text:Buy Sell Thread - October 19	labels:This is a friendly reminder to only post links from Grailed, Ebay, Depop, and similar reputable platforms.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/malefashionadvice) if you have any questions or concerns.*	episode_done:True
text:So in a past life I spent a bunch of time around really rich people. 1%er types. There were a few people who dressed like shit, of course, and that was mostly a badge of honour thing (I'm so rich I can wear a stained rugby shirt from my old school and no one can say a damn thing about it, or wear a poorly cut cheap suit to underline your frugalness). Mostly, though, everyone looked great. It felt a bit impersonal and abstract and rule-based (for the men, women's fashion was a lot more varied), but if you aren't into clothes and aren't looking close you wouldn't have noticed that (and you aren't looking close, generally, because if you are in a room with a bunch of 1%ers you are almost certainly looking for something from the conversation that isn't aesthetic appreciation of the act of wearing clothing).   There is something out there that looks good for everyone, and money can put you in it. Yes, people can make mistakes in what they think they can pull off, or want something with actual personality that might fail because their personality is loathesome or awful. But you can pay to look good, sometimes very good.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Same here drawers for in season clothes.  I store my off season clothes in another room (out of sight out of mind).  Even in the drawer I try to keep 2 months clothes in main 2 drawer and then back up in another 2.  This way I only see 2 months worth of clothes at same time	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What do you like, fashion-wise, about loose-fitting clothing?	labels:I have always preferred dresses and skirts to wearing pants; however, I find that they can make a person look "overdressed" in a more casual setting. If I wear a loose-fitting or oversized dress then I look like I put some effort into my appearance without being too dressed up. I also love oversized/loose-fitting pieces with weird structural details or unique drapes. Sometimes these pieces are not necessarily "flattering" per se but I enjoy them because they are comfortable enough to get shit done in while still looking somewhat interesting. I agree with other commenters, sometimes you want to draw attention to your clothes rather than your body parts.	episode_done:True
text:When to start saving clothes for your children?	labels:I don’t plan to save any. Sounds terrible but after the pressure I got from my mom and MIL to wear some of their own wedding stuff I am just going to live my life and let my kids live theirs. Sure they might miss out on some vintage stuff but there’s no guarantee that my stuff will become cool again, that my things won’t be damaged by mold, bugs, yellowing etc. in decades of storage, or that they will be the same size as me
text:What is the upscale version of Fashion Nova / SHEIN / boohoo / Nasty Gal? i.e. trendy + youth-oriented but not trash quality	labels:Clothes from brands like the ones you mentioned are mostly targeted at 15-29 year olds and generally people in those age brackets don't have a ton of money, so I don't know if high quality sexy Insta-baddie clubbing stuff would even have a market. Maybe someone else knows.  The only premium brands I can think of that sort of overlaps the same demographic (but not necessarily the aesthetic) are AllSaints, Alexachung and maybe Acne Studios.	episode_done:True
text:WAYWT - December 04, 2020	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 20	labels:Good news: My sleep schedule has somewhat stabilized to wake at 6 and sleep at 10.  Bad news: That's 6 PM and 10 AM.	episode_done:True
text:WAYWT - November 27, 2020	labels:knickerbocker, monokel, 'gonia, john elliot, bombas socks (already tearing ??), salomon	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 01, 2020	labels:What are your thoughts on a colorful umbrella, e.g. yellow?
text:Hi everyone. What are some relatively unknown or startup luxury brands you love?	labels:Is Komono a start-up? Whatever it is they have incredible and reasonably priced sunglasses.	episode_done:True
text:Dressing Drakes on a Budget	labels:Great post! Curious what you think the best ties are that rival Drake’s for a better price? Kamakura? Pre-50’s vintage?	episode_done:True
text:I had spaghetti and it was very nice i enjoyed it	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I love the idea of a weekend wardrobe! I work in an office where everybody is super casual (jeans and T-shirts) that whenever I dress up (wear a cute dress or even mini skirt + stockings in the winter), I get asked if I have plans after work or I end up feeling overdressed. So even if I do feel good when I leave the house, I feel super conscious by the time I get to the office. A weekend wardrobe sounds like a good plan!	labels:Thank you. I feel like a lot of my years of shopping for work clothes was just me surviving and not really being too fashion forward or myself  but now that I have a little bit more heads space and time to think about what I wanna wear outside of work I am really excited about creating a great wardrobe. That being said if you have a lot of cute pieces that you want to wear to work it would be Cool challenge to set for yourself to see if you can find a good middle ground  to use some of your nice pieces for work while still keeping it business casual. But yeah I do wish that in the past years I had spent more time on outside of work wear, I feel like having multiple interests and hobbies outside of work is super important and my wardrobe wasn’t reflecting that	episode_done:True
text:How do you wear square scarves?	labels:I tie them around a purse strap or if they’re long enough, use them as a belt - it looks really cute with jeans. I’ve seen a few girls wearing them tied around a ponytail too and want to try that, as it’s a cute look.	episode_done:True
text:Let's talk about sleepwear-- what are your favorite pjs?	labels:Surprisingly, walmart. I like to sleep in nighties and theyre hard to find cause they're not "in" right now. But walmart has some nice cotton ones for $10 bucks and they hold up in the wash. They have cute designs and aren't grandma style.	episode_done:True
text:Your #1 tip is helpful, but my concern with sizing up is that I don't have a particularly large waist. My butt/thigh to waist ratio is a bit off in that I have naturally big thighs/a big butt compared to my waist. So if I simply sized up I would be quite loose at the waist. My jeans have already been a bit loose as is :(   As another redditor commented, I may have to look into the cut itself as to simply sizing up.   As for #2 and #3, thank you for clarifying. I've learned a lot in this post!	labels:You should go look at the size chart from brand maker or something like denimio. Different brand will have different type of fit. Hunt for a brand that fits your particular body. Just make sure you know how to measure with measuring tape. Rawdenim sub got a wiki on it.  Worst case, if you can afford it, you may just have to buy big and tailor it.	episode_done:True
text:This is a Good Comment.  Especially the part about reacting to the model's body and styling as well as the items of clothing. And man, it can be real tough to come to terms with that sometimes. Having a cohesive style certainly helps with the styling aspect in these situations, but the part about the body is rife with stress and emotion for a lot of people. There's no one right way to deal with that. Everyone just needs to find the line between what they like and what they actually want.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Fall Jacket Recommendations	labels:Following bc I’m wanting a fall jacket so bad but I live in the PNW, too, and I’d love not to wear another unflattering Columbia jacket.	episode_done:True
text:I like it precisely because it looks slightly unfinished or unconsidered. Harry Styles has a really intense stylist and it’s vogue, there is absolutely no chance that these outfits were not considered to death by a bunch of really knowledgeable people.   He is definitely not meant to look pretty, and to me that’s part of the point. He’s just ... wearing a dress. It doesn’t even really look feminine per se, which I guess is what you’re reacting too. I think the point was really to not associate the dress with femininity, but to just treat it as another piece of clothing. That’s kind of how he deals with his sexuality: he studiously avoids making any statements whatsoever.   I think the place that I see something historical is not in the dress but in the fact that it’s a vogue cover. I don’t know if this was a one time thing or if vogue is going to now be more gender diverse with their cover models. To me that’s the question: is the point that he is a feminine man or rather that Vogue can set these categories aside on one of their covers, which is a really culturally significant object.  This made waves precisely because it was a Vogue cover. He has worn dresses before without this reaction. But it doesn’t clarify vogue’s position on gender really. My sense is that to they will occasionally feature male-identified models on their cover, and just generally observe more fluid norms around gender. In a way Harry is just the tool for Vogue to make a big move within their own history, maybe...	labels:Thanks for that response. I can totally see how my angle was gendered. I was projecting my personal aesthetic and not considering the greater statement. I’m glad it resonates with you both symbolically and in the visual presentation. I love conversations like this.
text:Sneakers trends FW 20/21	labels:I'm wearing the Nike sage Air force and Adidas Stan smiths.	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for sharing!   Items I'm looking for:  \- White sneakers - preferably leather   \- Jeans - Slim/skinny light blue, navy, black   \- Jackets - from bomber jackets to other non-bomber kinds  \- Sweaters or sweatshirts I can layer under my jacket  \- Long sleeve shirts/henleys  \- boots   If you've come across any of these on amazon that you think may be decent purchase I'd love to check it out	labels:Amazon has pretty decent t-shirts and sweatshirts (not knit sweaters!) that you can get for a good price. You can also buy some decent quality sneakers from Amazon too, just make sure it's from a reputable seller and from a recognized shoe brand (Adidas/New Balance/etc.).  &#x200B;  However, for stuff like jeans, jackets, boots, and knitwear, I'd look elsewhere. I've bought jeans from Amazon in the past that came with low-quality buttons and ripped after 2 months of wear, so I don't think the quality is quite there. My recommendation would be to search on places like Uniqlo/Carhartt/Champion or even thrift stores to get better quality jeans/jackets/knitwear that can last you a lot longer than whatever you'd find on Amazon for a comparable price.
text:One Can Never Have Enough Socks - Happy Holidays MFA	labels:There's no greater sign of getting older than enjoying receiving socks as a gift.   Kid Me: Socks? Seriously? Ugh.  Adult Me: Socks? *fist pump*	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 06, 2021	labels:US: Wtf? An attempted coup in our country?  Latin American countries: First time?  Jokes aside, i hope the situation gets under control quickly and the next administration jails all the perpetrators (the current one obviously wont do a thing)
text:If I could dress like Villanelle every day (even though I work from home + have a toddler...) I absolutely would	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: 6 Degrees of Separation	labels:I really liked the outfits posted, and like another user said (can’t remember where), the participation was great as there wasn’t a specific theme of dress, instead you could wear whatever you wanted. Lots of great outfits.   Out of the posted list, I’d like to see more of the themes where the poster has more control — like items under $50, or most expensive outfit. I also like the madras pattern one (/r/NavyBlazer on suicide watch).
text:Does the way you dress really have to have a label for it??	labels:No, no, no and no. I hate the aesthetic thing. Buying things bc 'they fit in with my aesthetic' and not bc you like them is weird to me. You can be all of those styles all at once. I love having a grungy girl moment, a colourful LOOKATMENOW moment, a classy neutral I'm a big girl moment and a floaty yes I am a fairy and I just tiptoe about in pretty midi dresses moment.
text:FAQ: What are people's experiences with clothing challenges like trying not to buy clothes for a year/only buying second hand? What are some tips?	labels:I feel like Covid19 is the best excuse to not buy clothes.  I haven't been out to any social events since lockdown began in Feb/March.   On the other hand, the amount of disposable income has increased due  work from home and that pair of Naked and Famous x Batman jeans look pretty hype...	episode_done:True
text:Yeah seriously, I just don't understand the polyester obsession unless they just want to cut costs by making the fabric thinner.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone else always hesitate to buy what they truly love because they don't have a social life?	labels:I try to reach a compromise: one of the questions I ask myself before buying something is “will I wear it?” I’ve learnt that I don’t really need more dresses, but what does make me feel good is really good quality staples that make day to day clothes stand out more, like a special coat, shoes or earrings. For you, you might want to explore making your jeans, tees and athleisure really good quality so they make you feel good about them when you put them on.  Another way of looking at it is you probably save more money than the average person on going out. You could set aside some money every month for special items of clothing, then try buying and wearing that fancy dress or expensive jeans you mentioned - it’s much easier to treat yourself on clothes when it’s designated in your budget. The more you wear them, the more you’ll probably see there are opportunities in your life to show them off.	episode_done:True
text:Yesss I loved all 3!   Also Gwen Stefani during the No Doubt days! I used to dress a little more ~edgy~ when I was younger. Sometimes I have a fun piece here and there though 😂	labels:Her blue hair and matching fuzzy bikini top were the greatest tho.	episode_done:True
text:Alternatively, we could do it when a new 'Ryan Gosling Edgy Protagonist' movie drops.	labels:anyone who wears a cool jacket/coat really	episode_done:True
text:I vividly remember wearing my too-long-baggy jeans on a rainy day, during a late night out with friends. They ripped all the way up to almost my knee. The next day I used a line of safety pins to hold that pant leg together and thought it was  socool because there were similar pants at Hot Topic.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Can I recommend getting a vintage silk kimono from eBay or similar? You'll feel like a movie star, they're lovely and thick, your arms will be mostly covered, and they are elegant as heck.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I SO agree with this.  I mostly wear an elegant/feminine flowery style but every now and then my repressed chic rock/goth has something to say about this lol.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What unknown/smaller brands should we all know about that don't often get posted here?	labels:Omg thanks for the recommendation!  I just ordered the Sosken Jimi Coat. Wow all their coats are gorgeous.	episode_done:True
text:Oh yop lol happens to all of us.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 07, 2020	labels:Best black dress shoes for teenagers ?
text:Women who have moved for extended periods of time on 1 or 2 suitcases only, how did you do it? Here's the beginning of my process	labels:When I moved overseas, I bought 2 cheap huge duffel bags and filled them. I paid the airline fee for an extra bag and the weight. It was enough space to have plenty of options until my shipped items arrived 3 months later.	episode_done:True
text:Synthetics in Our Wardrobe	labels:Depends on the synthetic for me - like OP said if it serves a purpose, I love them. I think there's also a huge spectrum of quality with synthetics that can either make it unbelievably comfy or a scratchy heat trap from hell (although tbf you run into the same thing with wool).  What does creep me out is you would not want to be caught in any type of fire related emergency while wearing the majority of fast fashion synthetics because they will melt into your skin and make burns worse.   I also avoid polyester as a hard rule always but thats because it gives me the worse BO and I smelled like chopped onions all day.
text:How to Combat Fashion Apathy?	labels:Are you experiencing a lack of passion toward other things, too? I ask because it's been a pretty shit year overall, and it wouldn't be at all surprising or unusual to be feeling some situational depression. You certainly wouldn't be alone in that.
text:What are your favorite colorful brands?	labels:Lazy oaf, kina and tam, and fashionbrandcompany!
text:Yeah I dislike the shine   I regret not buying the Private White padded gilet even though it would certainly be less warm	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What’s going to be the next shoe of the year	labels:Whatever it is I hope it’s not square toes and yet another season of suede winter boots too delicate to wear in weather
text:Wearing a suit 4-5 times a week  Step up your game, nerds	labels:	episode_done:True
text:As long as its not a trilby and you match it right, it looks pretty good. I've been seeing them more often where I live.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Omg I catch my sweater/hoodie sleeves in door handles all the time. I haven’t done that with belt loops but I don’t think my legs are long enough for that to happen lol.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Brand MegaReview: Zara | January 30, 2021	labels:You know when u find something you really love but it costs $300 so you search and search and find a shitty $30 alternative and you buy it thinking you're a genius? But then in the end it's just that, a shitty alternative. Zara is basically that as a brand.	episode_done:True
text:For those who actually MISS clothes/makeup/getting dressed up.	labels:GIRL, ME. I miss dressing up so much! I've been dressing and doing my makeup to run errands, but it just doesn't feel as fun when I have to wear a mask and I'm not out with friends.   I miss wearing heels. I miss wearing lipstick. I miss being able to wear statement earrings without them getting caught in my mask loops. I miss wearing bronzer and blush. I miss being able to do my hair (I mostly keep it up when I go out, to avoid it getting tangled with my mask loops). I MISS SHOPPING WITH FRIENDS.   Ugh. I just wanna do my makeup and wear bright red lipstick (Patrick Ta's "She's Not From Here") and put on a really cute outfit, and go out shopping and then to lunch with friends. There's so much we took for granted 😭	episode_done:True
text:You're fine.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:OP, word of caution if you care about supporting like minded people, definitely look at the other items that a seller offers. I turned to Etsy when I wanted some t shirts ahead of the election. There were a bunch to choose from but I had to sift through the sellers who clearly wanted to maximize their profits by offering items for both candidates.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Have you tried Dear John jeans? I'd never heard of them before but got them in a wantable box recently. They're either 92 or 98% cotton, high rise, skinny, and flexible. I have small waist/big hips/small thighs and they fit well!	labels:I like the look, but my thighs are definitely on the chunky side.	episode_done:True
text:What is your favorite under-the-radar leather handbags / brand?	labels:Smythson. They’re known much more for their notebooks, but their leather bags and wallets are beautifully made. And their Nile Blue color is gorgeous and hard to find elsewhere!	episode_done:True
text:Ya I always kind of figured they were an extreme version or exaggerated idea of what a fashion idea is trying to display.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are your favorite bags at the moment?	labels:For work I have a black tall structured tote from Cuyana.  On weekends I gravitate towards bags that can be worn crossbody.  Right now my go to is my black Loewe puzzle bag.  For dinners out and special occasions, of which there are none right now, I use my favorite bag of all time, my black Chanel Reissue.	episode_done:True
text:No, they make you look taller so they will always be socially acceptable. Like platform shoes or high heels.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Recommendation for Seamstress/similar	labels:Hey Op maybe you could hire someone yourself, like a fashion design student eager to build their portfolio of work or someone who is just really good at sewing or a local tailor	episode_done:True
text:Sustainability and "Indulgence" in Era of the Rona	labels:Full. Of. SEEDS?
text:What true heirloom pieces do you own and how do you incorporate them into your style?	labels:One of my great aunts gave me a great silver and turquoise matching ring and bracelet set she got out West probably in the 50’s and likely as a souvenir even though it’s nice quality silver and real turquoise. I also have a small beaded purse from her, it looks quite older, maybe 1930’s. I only use it for special occasions and otherwise it just sits on my dresser looking pretty. The same great aunt was the oldest of my grandmothers siblings and gave them fancy dresses from a lady she worked for to play dress up in. Later my mom played dress up in them and so did I. I wish we had realized how nice they were because they’re in rough shape now even though I’ve saved them. They’re probably 1920’s, one is silk and could possibly be repaired enough to look nice displayed.   My mom did her own sewing and saved a lot of her favorite clothes. I still wear some of her 70’s maxi dresses but she wore her dresses too short in the late 60’s for me to wear most of them as an adult. There’s one wool jumper dress I wear over leggings.   When I was in high school I wore her 1980’s Calvin Klein jeans, the ones with the white labels instead of the modern leather patch.   My aunt gave me some of my grandmothers costume jewelry and it started my love affair with tacky mid century jewelry.	episode_done:True
text:Denim Jacket as a Layering Piece	labels:As a mid layer, it looks forced and unnatural to me. I am curious about others thoughts, does this look good to anyone?
text:What are your favorite tough winter boots?	labels:I bought some North Face boots some years ago before I visited Iceland. Plus I needed some solid boots to deal with Wisconsin's crap winters. Three years later, they're still in fantastic shape. They're warm, too, and comfortable.	episode_done:True
text:Discussion: what does your shopping process look like?	labels:I usually go months without shopping and then whenever I see a sale thats 50% or more I impulse buy everything haha. but I try to keep in mind if I gave gaps in my wardrobe to justify it.	episode_done:True
text:I've been doing this too! I recently found out that I really love culottes, but I haven't ever given them a chance before. Broke out an old pair in the back of the wardrobe (they were stretchy - no judgements 😂😭) and I fell in love after all this time!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Italians like to overprice their Stouffers Bagged Alfredo Sauce-covered pastas because they know you're dumb enough to overpay for it.  Source: I worked for Sicilians for two and a half years.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Pierre Cardin: French fashion giant dies aged 98	labels:Holy shit- he was still alive? Thought he was gone a long time ago.	episode_done:True
text:(Man) Repeller: A postmortem	labels:She built it. It’s hers to burn down.
text:Revisiting Fall/Winter Favorites -Duffle Coats pt 3	labels:TIL Jack Nicholson and Art Garfunkel were in a movie together	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 23, 2020	labels:Got an interview for vet school! Now I can spend 2 anxious months preparing for it.
text:Finally someone who acknowledges this is sustainable clothing aim at people with money not aimed at the masses.	labels:Why do you think everything needs to be made for the masses?	episode_done:True
text:I think 6 would be the goal for sure, 3 fits really the minimum.  I'm going to try for 6 - with the last outfit a call back to the first fit plus 1 item from the last fit.	labels:I’m going 6 for sure baybee   That sounds dope!	episode_done:True
text:Buy/Sell/Trade - January 2021	labels:Sorry was a double post.	episode_done:True
text:Hope everything is okay man, I will be eagerly awaiting your return!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:> duster/long open sweater  Those are two... very different things?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Thanks, Virt! If you're the same Virt on StyleForum, I love your DBF grandad coat. That fit was killer.	labels:That’s me! Thank you for your kind words 🙏	episode_done:True
text:Casual Blazer Inspo	labels:"not a Bedford edition"	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone else hate literally everything they put on?	labels:I think my main issue is that there are a lot of skinny girls or beautiful curvy girls and I’ve got a more athletic straight up and down build and idk everyone is insecure to an extent but why do they all “look so model like” and then there’s me? Idk I love clothes and I love styling my outfits but sometimes it gets me like fuck my waist isn’t small enough or my arms aren’t dainty or some stupid shit like that🤷🏾‍♀️😂	episode_done:True
text:Yes! I told my girlfriend I needed to order some shirts from there and she looked at me like I was crazy lol	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Deceptive Marketing Practices by Fashion Companies	labels:I didn't know Fabletics was owned by JustFab. But I've hearing complaints about JustFab for years.	episode_done:True
text:Just how revolutionary is Harry Styles’ Vogue cover?	labels:I'll stick my head out here. It was pandering. He attempts to be woke because people ask for it.   I "unpurposely" mirrored The Honey Badgers on the sentiment. This stuff seems forced at best.
text:I love this so much!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:You talking about that Wallace and Barnes cord chore coat they have this season? If so, how's the fit/quality?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Top Down / Aerial / Crotch Shot WAYWT	labels:Festive	episode_done:True
text:Can you pls share the brand and item? I’ve been looking my whole life. I’m 5’1 and the “good stuffs” always look too big on me	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are your favourite places to find loungewear ?	labels:Senita Athletics is a female owned workout clothing brand from Arizona. They are Lululemon level quality but so affordable! I own a pair of their  Weekend Joggers and they are seriously the comfiest article of clothing I own.
text:Dream Unconventional/ Unrealistic Fashion Accessories- Discussion	labels:My fantasy item would be beautiful curly hair... My hair has always been straight straight and doesn't hold any curl at all lol	episode_done:True
text:How has your style grown/changed since before quarantine?	labels:I’ve been through so many different phases. In the beginning, I was used to dressing business casual for work and had very little loungewear since I usually just sleep in a big t-shirt or fleece pajamas. For the first few months, I still did a full face of makeup everyday and wore a dress or a skirt just to work remotely. I also was obsessed with The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel during this time lol so I was always dressed in feminine florals, bouncy curls, and bright red lipstick.   However, since then I’ve somehow become more of a pants person? I used to exclusively wear dresses and skirts every day but now I find comfort in a good paperbag pant or soft lived in jeans. I also have gradually dulled my previously pastel color scheme into a few neutral pieces that all go together. My wardrobe has definitely become more practical and comfortable and honestly it’s hard to see myself going back to my old ways.	episode_done:True
text:What fashion items on your Christmas list?	labels:Black thigh high boots and a sweater that actually looks good on me
text:Learning to dress better	labels:Are most of the shoe options above suitable for the navy chinos?	episode_done:True
text:Low barrier of entry to understand + reaffirms toxmasc beliefs to a predominately white hetero male culture who barely likes clothing to begin with is just bound to cause a disaster	labels:	episode_done:True
text:how do I wear a warm winter coat without looking like I’m chilly???	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Cyberpunks Not Dead - Inspo Album	labels:I'm 100% here for all of this.. Especially the Rocostru pieces. Excellent collection!	episode_done:True
text:I love watching Stacey now- some of her outfits would not have survived her show and the way she talks about it awesome	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - February 14, 2021	labels:Love buying heavy twill pants   Hate breaking in heavy twill pants   Love wearing broken in heavy twill pants
text:Lookbook | +J 2020 Fall/Winter Collection | UNIQLO	labels:I'm going to be negative nancy here and, to start a conversation, say that I think it's boring! I knew it would be minimal and but it just strikes me as .... very prim. And I wear a ton of black!
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 08, 2020	labels:Any word on the quality of Moss Bros or John Lewis wool trousers?  I guess Banana Republic ones are good but don't have a store nearby to try it out.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 07, 2020	labels:Some wholesome news. My partner and I are getting increasingly serious about getting married and I thought before moving forward I should "come out" as NB, make sure they would be okay if I'd make this a salient part of my public persona etc. Their answer was "duh, like I don't know that".  Our nups will be *toit*.  edit: thanks all :)  edit: also thanks all who asked about pronouns etc. I am A-ok with male pronouns, "dude", "my man" etc.
text:Styling suggestions: Have an item you don’t know how to wear? Comment here and let someone style it for you!	labels:Dark green chino shorts	episode_done:True
text:I'm a J. Crew loyalist, so I'm acknowledging my potential bias but I'm also a fan of Banana Republic and went through a hardcore BR phase. However, I've kind of forsaken Banana (my young professional wardrobe was full of it) and returned to even more J. Crew -- I've found that, in general, my pieces from J. Crew last longer and hold their shape/quality more than what I have bought from Banana. Also those 50% sales are usually goldmines for me! Just my experience!	labels:I loooove BR - they’re in my price range and their clothes just fit me well - but quality is absolutely hit or miss. I have stuff I’ve had for years, and I also have a dress that I wore twice and then a ribbon on the back just fell off haha. But for my budget, if I’m picky, I do very well there. (Love J Crew for linen pants and shorts, though!)
text:General Discussion - December 18, 2020	labels:Puppy is finally losing some of his little needle shark teeth. And is starting to understand how to ask to go outside. Small victories
text:what do yall wear to the gym (or at home if you work out there)	labels:Any of the quick dry/dry-fit stuff from the big brands, but only the stuff on sale :).	episode_done:True
text:Take Ivy	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are you hoping to buy on Black Friday?	labels:I haven’t planned yet but I’m glad of a few weeks to prep.  Most importantly, I need new running and hiking shoes (different ones) and would love to nab them on sale.  I’d also love to grab new socks and tights and replace some worn out pairs in my drawer, and maybe score one great underwire bra to complement my bralettes. Optionally, id also love a new swimsuit, but it’s very easy to pick the wrong size online.   In sartorial matters, I have been doing luxury minimalism for a long time and would love to score some loud accessories - a new everyday handbag in warm brown/ taupe tones (I have several in black but none in brown), some statement jewelry or scarves. I am also in the market for really adventurous, ethereal pieces, like big dresses, loud coats, colorful blouses, and structured pants.	episode_done:True
text:Style Lessons from Male-Presenting People: An Inspo Album	labels:I loved this album! Some of these, if I saw in the wild, I would think looked kind of accidental (like I was wearing a jacket and then decided I needed another jacket) but I love your comments for each picture. It made me look at things in a more runway mindset, "Why is this outfit interesting?"  I have a request, if you're taking requests (no pressure though, this was great)  a summer album? I feel like in the summer my style is more constricted or more basic because I wear fewer pieces, and it's easier for me to have weird & cool proportions with jackets and sweaters.	episode_done:True
text:PLEASE tell me I can see a photo of the adapted medieval kirtle because I need to know more	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What high quality fashion or style related hashtags do you follow on IG?	labels:#hautecouture	episode_done:True
text:How many pairs of jeans and pairs of shoes should you own?	labels:Women can have things they enjoy having without being concern trolled about how much they really need it.   I don't see men getting hassled for the amount of electronic waste their hobbies produce.   I doubt every fifth post in the Funko Pop subreddit is about curbing consumption and how they should be rethinking their involvement in a plastics based interest.   Personally, I think they're wasteful as shit, but I'm not about to roll up into their space and shame them for it.  I'm so over the handwringing, guilt, and joylessness about fashion in this sub sometimes.
text:General Discussion - November 24, 2020	labels:I had spaghetti last night and spilled some sauce on my RC tee and  I blame all of you. I hope you're happy.
text:As a Canadian I refuse to get rid of my skinny jeans. Half the year is spent surrounded by snow, slush, and gritty slime. I have to tuck my pants into tall boots. I remember when flares were super in when I was a kid/young teen and all my friends and I would be wandering around with these sopping wet pants slapping around our ankles. Never again.	labels:also canadian - i feel this on a deep level. it was the WORST textural feel too. wet denim is a huge no from me. glad other people get this and aren't giving up the skinny jeans.	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge Announcement: Single Origin!	labels:All my fits are jcrew anyway so this is PERFECT	episode_done:True
text:What will be obsolete by summer 2021?	labels:I'm hoping those "Is it Wine o'clock?" shirts (or anything involving  women drinking wine to deal with life) you find at any mall store/Target directed towards adults.   Perhaps it's because I can no longer pass as a youth and will no doubt get thrown into the demographic these companies sell to, but it's always painful when you start to see a trend in clothes and you hate it, and it lasts YEARS.
text:Stylish ways to carry emergency medication?	labels:How about an ankle holster?	episode_done:True
text:Totally agree!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Brands that are actually great that you discovered on Instagram?	labels:Ruggable!  Amazing customer service and cool product.  Edit: (I was fast scrolling and didn’t realize this was in Female fashion advice.  I’m not advising you wear a rug.  I’m such a dork!)
text:Favorite fashion impracticalities	labels:Big statement sleeves. Bell, tulip, bishop, balloon, puff sleeves, big cuffs, ruffles what have you, that never fit into a coat, can't be rolled up, get in the way of washing your hands, dipping into your food. But damn if they don't add immediate interest to an outfit.
text:How would you describe the quality of self-knit/self-made clothes vs. store bought?	labels:Many store-bought knits are made from cheap, synthetic blends that tend to pill faster. Manufacturers sometimes take short cuts and will simply cut pieces from knitted fabric whereas a handknitted item is knit to a particular shape with increases and decreases worked into the design. With mass production, knitted pieces that are sewn together will be more likely to have imperfections, like the arm seam and side seam not meeting up. There are details in hand knits that are too expensive to replicate on a mass-produced scale so you're probably less likely to see knits with intricate details.  For sewing, I tend to choose quality fabrics because I hate cheap synthetics and like my points for knitting, they can age poorly. I've seen RTW items with crooked stripes, missed stitching on binding, inconsistent sizing, etc. These are things that a sewist will likely take the time to avoid or correct.   Finer details are disappearing from a lot of RTW we see because it's too expensive or time-consuming, like blind hems, lining, etc. We're seeing more elastic waists, offset sleeves, stretchy fabrics, S/M/L sizes instead of numbered sizes and other details that make the fit more forgiving so it fits more customers. Something like those retro dresses with fitted bodices made from a woven fabric are rare for RTW because the fit would be so finicky. The majority of wedding dresses are strapless because it's a pain to have fitted sleeves, especially in a non-stretch fabric. You're able to satisfy a much wider customer base by eliminating details like those. If you sew your clothes, you can choose to do something with a more particular fit.	episode_done:True
text:Wow. Sorry that happened and glad you reported it, but the mindset that would drive anyone to do that kind of thing is just so incomprehensible to me.	labels:bunch o fart butts they is	episode_done:True
text:What was your first 'expensive' fashion purchase?	labels:I’m 27 and when I was 16 I saved up all my money for months and bought a replica My Chemical Romance Welcome to the Black Parade jacket. It looked like the ones they wear in the music video. Cost me $250. I no longer have it :/	episode_done:True
text:The Sea Shanty Is Ascendant. Here's How to Dress Like the Flyest Sailor on the Ship.	labels:Lmao that 3rd outfit  * $200 beanie  * ***$56 wool peacoat***  * $186 scarf  * $795 sweater  Hopefully people who listen to Esquire would have the sense to reallocate the beanie, scarf, and sweater money into getting a decent peacoat, which is gonna be the longest lasting of the bunch.
text:Women who have moved for extended periods of time on 1 or 2 suitcases only, how did you do it? Here's the beginning of my process	labels:Vacuum bags and packing cubes, and find square trunks or even boxes that are the maximum size that the airline will allow. Also, if you have a relative/friend that might come visit you leave a bag with them and pay the luggage fee.   For a less minimalist feel, look into some workhorse peices- I usually go for solid dresses or solid blouses + skirts. Then accessorize your little maximalist heart out. It's amazing how many scarves you can cram into a small packing cube. Maybe add a few chains of different lengths and pendants that can switch between them, &t. Just think small things that make the outfit different.   Finally, don't underestimate how different you can look and feel changing your perfume and lipstick- both of which are easy to pack.  ps: artsy facemasks are also a thing for a bit longer.
text:WAYWT - November 25, 2020	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 18, 2020	labels:Anyone else feel like they just throw money at clothes but don’t ever look any better? Is there a trick into nailing the look you’re going for? Should I hire a style coach? Lol
text:General Discussion - November 19, 2020	labels:Got too drunk with a friend last night called in today lol  Added my first piece of corduroy to my wardrobe in the form of a jcrew jacket and all I think about now is how much I've been missing out on corduroy it's so soft and gives a great sheen to the fabric overall. I need more of that and Moleskin to really add some texture to my fits
text:My work dress code says "black and fashionable", and my natural state is color color color. I'm very eclectic in my preferred styles though: like ethereal/fairy-esque (which it all depends on the color), military chic (which i can sometimes get away with), Gothic/steampunk inspired... theatrical is probably the best way I can describe it.  I guess I've kind of done the same thing, but I think there's just a bit more pressure right now to look the part of the adult vs my natural state of being.	labels:I’d look at the items you have in a bright color and look for something similar in black.	episode_done:True
text:(Man) Repeller: A postmortem	labels:I started following manrepeller around when it started - it was around when I graduated college and fashion blogs were still big. I always liked Leandra' styling, and later the style pieces on manrepeller. it never bothered me that they often showed clothes that were expensive - I mean, have you ever read a fashion magazine? you expect that in well-curated fashion content people will be wearing things that you yourself can't afford. it's inspirational, not a how-to.  Anyway, I felt like the lifestyle content they were trying to expand to more and more was their weakest point. We expect our fashion magazines to show us $900 items, we don't necessarily want to see models flaunting generational wealth and writing a 1,000-word thinkpiece about it. And the more they pushed lifestyle pieces and less fashion, I worried that they wouldn't last too much longer.  But also, maybe Leandra's time just came? It's rare for a blog or website to stay trendy for 10-ish years. MR started as a sort of hipster-gossip girl hybrid and I feel like that era is just over. I think the events of 2020 made MR's demise faster, but it was probably coming.	episode_done:True
text:Favorite Lingerie Brands?	labels:Kind of a boring rec, but I really like Aerie. They have replaced Victoria's Secret for me as a relatively inexpensive brand that still is good quality.
text:So uh, what’s the trends for fall this year?	labels:This might be totally wrong but I have a feeling that face masks are gonna be big this season.
text:Where do you find inspiration for your Outfits?	labels:Pinterest and cool girls on the street
text:don't wake me, i plan on sleeping in: a sunday morning inspo album	labels:I need to know more about that jam sweatshirt	episode_done:True
text:How do you guys work towards avoiding fast fashion?	labels:Personally, I really like thrift shopping. I can't afford high quality brands, and hate fast fashion. By thrifting, I am often able to find old, quality clothing. I got a pair of 90's calvin klein jeans, and some old levi's, and I've even gotten some very quality pants from the 60's-70's that still have tags.   I got a pair of Docs back when they were still made in England, very sturdy and will last me a good while.   A recent find was a very nice custom made elk hide jacket, and it was only $6.   It can definitely take a little bit of time, but it's very worth it. All of the things I have mentioned seem, from text, like they would be worn, ugly, old. But they're very fashionable, almost completely new, and of very high quality. It's a lot of fun, very rewarding, and kind to your budget!	episode_done:True
text:Get Out The Vote Inspo Album	labels:Why is my country (united kingdom) so interested in who becomes president in America and not about any other country, we’re in the middle on our country collapsing in on our selves and yet we rather concentrate on someone else’s leader rather than who’s our next leader
text:Same here! Also why I like crop tops for summer.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do I know if my sense of style is really mine or is it defined by others?	labels:I know that social media can subconsciously influence the way we perceive ourselves and the world around us. Perhaps try taking a little break/limit time from exposure to social media? It might change the way you dress. Also, I find that educating myself about the world of fashion has really opened my eyes to all the possible things that one can wear, so maybe try reading up on some fashion history/watching educational videos to hopefully gain a deeper appreciation for garments? But honestly, the "real you" should be the you that you feel most comfortable and happiest in. Good luck!	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Queer Anthropologist from the PNW	labels:Wow I love this! I find a lot of vintage styles a bit too twee for my taste, so I love how fresh these outfits are!  They're like the edgier, more fun queer version of Dark Academia haha!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 08, 2021	labels:Man, I’m pumped at how much my summer wardrobe has improved over the past 12 months.    In past years I always felt that during spring, winter and autumn I could dress to my true aesthetic while in summer I just dressed to deal with intense humidity which meant almost always meant outfits I wasn’t fully happy with.
text:Best way to buy clothes locally?	labels:I’m in the U.K. and when not in lockdown, I get most of my clothes from the local dress agency (consignment store) and charity shops. My SIL has also had great look on local Facebook groups. They can be a bit hit or miss as she often gets bags with a selection of things in the same size & some items might not to be her liking, but she just reposts those for someone else to enjoy. The Facebook groups are more beneficial for kids clothes though I think.
text:And you will get what 50 Euros will buy you.	labels:Yes, they will get me a good backpack that meets my needs. How good can a college bag be that it justifies a $320 price tag? I dont want to take it to space or explore the South Pole with it. What do you want to do with it that makes you think "I totally need this".
text:That's true. I have never not fit a large though. I'm not getting custom tailored pieces here, just ones that I will be able to wear regardless.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What is your favourite item from a discount brand?	labels:Below are the top picks Ive had that lasted me surprisingly long! - $8.99 Hanes t shirt from Amazon (2 years at least, a little wear but nothing too crazy) - $5 knee length quilted jacket from Walmart (1 year of frequent wear and little to no wear)  - $5.50 long sleeve thermal top (3.5 years until I spilled food on it)	episode_done:True
text:Recent Purchases - December 06, 2020	labels:I just got a new Black Lapel charcoal suit for myself for Christmas, and wearing Terre D’Hermes today. The sun is out today and it’s a bit warmer. I feel like a million bucks	episode_done:True
text:People with crazy hair, how do you plan your outfits to go with your hair color?	labels:Literally gave up my colored hair for this reason :( it's so hard to wear any colors with neon hair... I found wearing darker colors looked better and not neutrals because those washed me out major.	episode_done:True
text:Alexander Wang faces sexual assault allegations	labels:I never worked in the fashion industry, but had two consecutive live-in girlfriends (over six years) who worked in menswear, women's casual, grey goods and textiles.     They were both disgusted by the industry overall and left.	episode_done:True
text:Review - The Custom Russian Automatic Dive Watch (for less than 100 Dollars)	labels:If you really want a vostok buy a classica. It's one of their best watches	episode_done:True
text:Villanelle's Killer Wardrobe, Once Again	labels:I'm usually paying attention to her face because she's such a great actress but I had a lot of fun looking at these outfits and paying some more attention to them. I find it interesting trying to break out what she wears when she's not playing a character and what she wears when she's trying play a character or when she's not trying but still is being manipulative. (**POSSIBLE SPOILERS UP TO END OF S3: DON'T READ AHEAD IF YOU HAVEN'T WATCHED AND DON'T WANT TO BE SPOILED ALSO IF SOMEONE KNOWS HOW TO BLOCK THEM OUT AND CAN LET ME KNOW THAT'D BE AWESOME)**  &#x200B;  The little girlish dress with the cut out heart when she's pleading with her mom to form some kind of relationship with her and the pink dress when she's trying to trick Konstantin into thinking she's worried about him so she can steal the card with the next job on it.  When she's feeling herself and doesn't have to play a character she's usually wearing a patterned suit or some comfy black pants and a cool top. When she was playing Billie she wore two kimono-inspired jackets, which is pretty interesting and I just noticed the continuity for that character. When she was starting over after she thought Eve was dead she's wearing stylish romantic dresses which match her new villa in a way.    &#x200B;  **END OF POSSIBLE SPOILERS**  &#x200B;  Anyway I enjoyed the album, she has a really interesting style and wears everything so well.	episode_done:True
text:How has your style and shopping habits changed with age and financial standing?	labels:Significantly. I lived in jeans, old t-shirts from running races, and worn out running shoes all through college and grad school. That was almost my entire wardrobe. I really didn't care much about fashion and couldn't afford anything even if I did.    After I got a job, I had the money but still no inspiration.   Then I realized I was trans and that my lack of interest was only in men's fashion.  Now I actually care about putting together looks and take joy in shopping for and trying on clothes.   It's been a wild ride	episode_done:True
text:I feel like showing off the logo is more of a poor person trying to look rich thing. Truly wealthy people don't try to show off like that. Also, a lot of the purses with very prominent logos are fugly.	labels:Truly wealthy people wear whatever they want because they don't have anything to prove or disprove. The Kardashians are very rich yet they have no problem wearing leggings and a t-shirt or being all decked out in Balmain, Gucci, LV.
text:Amazing	labels:	episode_done:True
text:[Serious answers only] FAQ: Why does runway fashion looks like nothing you'd ordinarily wear on the daily?	labels:imagine a runway show where every model is wearing selvedge denim, amber harness iron rangers, and a blue dress shirt lol	episode_done:True
text:What are you hoping to buy on Black Friday?	labels:I'm hoping to score some underwear on sale! My friend suggested Arq and Boodywear because I like full coverage and a higher waist. I cheaped out earlier this year and bought some old school Hanes but they are so baggy and depressing...
text:Rant - I'm fed up with fashion and "expressing myself"	labels:Pssst. You don't need to look "in" the way you think you do. Your clothes don't have to look like you bought them all this year. You are allowed to repeat outfits. You don't HAVE to consciously try to express yourself through clothes. You don't constantly have to try to visually display a personality to strangers. You can opt out and wear simple outfits like 90% of everyone. It's OK.     Sometimes the pressure feels suffocating, I know. But it's OK to not follow every trend. Despite what some posters in this sub think, the vast majority of people will not notice that you bought your jumper/coat/whatever in 2018. I actually like clothes and fashion but sometimes I'm too tired and just do the uniform thing. I just try changing how I do my makeup if I feel bored now, before trying to remix my whole wardrobe. I gave myself new eyebrows and tried a different style of eyeliner and I look different enough people asked if I had a hair cut (lol) which didn't involve even buying new makeup.    As for comments on my appearance, if they aren't nice or helpful ("You haven't blended your concealer" "You have leaves in your hair" "your shirt has popped open") I ignore it.	episode_done:True
text:The spotting from rain doesn’t bother me at all, considering I can buff it off in a few moments.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I did it by accident. I forgot that I was wearing blue jeans, grabbed the nearest jacket...the rest is history.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Talk shit post fit	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 05, 2020	labels:I've gotten to the point that my printmaking and embroidery work are my "part time job", in that it can pay some bills and give me spending money, and allow me to live off of less work for other people.   Typically, i do repair work on people's clothing or sell paper prints and things like installation pieces and back patches, since I never got very far making art to hang up on gallery walls (I have sold a single-digit number of pieces that hung up in a gallery, but orders of magnitude more prints online or in a table show! WTF!)  Recently I'm trying something a little new- getting old, worn out, and/or vintage garments and doing all kinds of overdyes, sashiko, embroidery and quilting to them, mostly by hand. Then I plan to auction off or make a catalogue of these pieces as one-offs to buy. One of the pieces is a 1980s japanese denim kimono that i'm sashiko stitching in the traditional patterned styles, and I'm loving how it's coming out- but it still is scary to put so much time and thread into something that has no garuntee or obligation to sell at all... it feels much riskier somehow, even though all art is risky.
text:Inauguration Fashion Discussion	labels:Our National *youth* Poet Laureate looking like a rising sun of youth and hope. I love her accessories so SO much. Amanda Gorman !  Edit: She’s the National Youth Poet Laureate 💛❤️
text:make the thumbnail a sexcore tightboy instagram outfit then fill the rest of the album with 99 pics of weird shit.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:That decorative ladder idea is ace.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Effortless style - let's exchange tips and tricks	labels:I mean, I'm not sure my actual effortless looks would fit your definition of effortless, because its a dress, nice shoes, and braided hair with some basic jewelry i almost always wear - it takes less than five minutes,  but probably is not appropriately tousled.
text:Does AGE really effect your choice of Fashion - Clothing Trends (Discussion)	labels:Reality time:    If you're good looking and fit at 45 50 etc.. then age doesn't matter.   If you have a "dad bod", balding and just average looking, you will be judged on trying to pull off younger men's looks.
text:I was in Anchorage last year and definitely saw that.   It's funny you mentioned workwear at weddings; Asians are notorious for not following dress codes or caring to dress formal at weddings. I had an uncle show up at my wedding wearing Timbs.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Textured Knits	labels:Rocking old favorite wool sweaters and scarves is a real season highlight and I dig a bunch of these looks. It's cozy time.	episode_done:True
text:Everyone’s opinions on Youtube fashion channels?	labels:Bestdressed is a queen and her style matches my own. I've been a fan of hers since she had like 10k subs and even though she does some more high end stuff now, she still thrifts A LOT and shows how you can fix up clothing you may not like as much. Plus she's just super real and nice.	episode_done:True
text:Influencers with Jobs: A Brief Collection	labels:Love this - similarly, I work in a 9 to 5 office job (during Normal Times) and as much as I would love to, I can’t wear heeled OTK boots and a tiny shoulder bag to the office lol. For the weekends, sure! But that’s a minority of outfits.  I may be old school, but I still follow blogs as well as IG / YT:  9to5chic: OG officewear blogger, she used to work in marketing at a medical company, is now a marketing consultants  Feather Factor, she’s focused on her recent book now but was previously a product manager after earning her MBA from HBS.  The Luxe Strategist: Very thoughtful posts on finances, shopping and general lie stuff.  I’ll also add ExtraPetite / Jean Wang, though ever since she started blogging full time, her outfits aren’t nearly as consistently relevant for workplaces.  Also, pantsfessional is great - her posts got me interested in learning sewing, which has been a saving grace these past 8 months.  I’ve noticed with some of these, it’s less so ‘daily OOTD’ content and more often than not, a weekly/monthly cadence of varied content. Which might not fit the ‘influencer’ definition, but I still enjoy reading / consuming it!
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 22, 2020	labels:Hello fashion people! I’ve been really starting to dig deep into fashion and try to look better myself. I’ve been trying to wear rings to add accessions to outfits but the problem is my fingers always look chubby even with big rings.  How do I avoid this?  Do I need to slim my hands?
text:VF to Acquire Supreme, Valuing Brand at $2.1 Billion-plus	labels:Now all of the north face, vans, and timberland collabs make sense to me. This was probably in the works for years	episode_done:True
text:20 Sweaters for Less Than $150, So You Can Achieve Peak Coziness - Esquire.com	labels:So I shopped for knits from Uniqlo to BR, Jcrews. Then I upgraded to Harley of Scotland/Howlin -> handknitted Inverallan/Northern Watter.  Every single upgrade I see an increase in material quality, craftsmanship, and design.  I absolutely think your baseline should be around 70ish (used from ebay). Harley, Jamieson, and some brands about that price point are what you want to have. The Japanese made some good one too if you can get it proxy. Beams+ have some good ones and sales randomly, you have to keep checking though. Inis Meain is rare to come across at a low price. I bought one luckily from an eBay auction and it was 150 already for a cardigan.  If you are really into it, Inverallan, Northern Watters are what you wanna seek after.
text:Mine are selvedge and I cuff them as the jeans only came in one length and I can't be bothered to hem them.   The contrast provided by the selvedge is also pretty nice.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Well, but bespoke tailors can do anything. They all have a house style, and maybe the Haute Couture brands do something a given house won't replicate, but unless theres' something really unique happening, you'll probably be able to find *some* house that can make you at least as happy. Probably.  The real issue with Bespoke is just the amount of time it takes.	labels:I think I see what you mean. Bespoke tailors are great pattern-makers so they can theoretically copy anything. So if you show them a YSL/SLP or Dior coat, they should be able to make it for you. Some won't do that on principle. Some won't even copy a garment you own that's damaged or too small. It's also impossible for it to look the same because it'll be a different pattern. If what you want is an exact copy of something, you're better off buying the thing and tailoring it	episode_done:True
text:Rose Anvil made a great short video comparing the Red Wing vs Thorogood moc toes. Would save people a lot of deliberation and buyers remorse	labels:I'm so excited I just peed myself.	episode_done:True
text:Thank all of you	labels:Love the story, but the last paragraph worries me. You’re just getting into good shoes! Don’t spend the thousands on Allen Edmonds, because soon you’ll be learning more and more about great shoes and will start looking for better. AE is a great place to start, but leave yourself some room- there are dozens of great brands for you to discover! Up to “a few thousand” you can look at TLB Mallorca, Carmina, Enzo Bonafé, John Lobb RTW, Edward Green- there are a lot of better places to spend that kind of money on shoes, and if I could’ve gone back I would’ve skipped spending on the low end with AE and Meermin until I learned about the higher end shoes I have today. It’s a deep field and an addicting one, so good luck!
text:Inspo Album: Vintage Holidays	labels:Lovely diverse looks - so much more than green velvet.	episode_done:True
text:How did my dad get on reddit?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I agree with you 100%. The sleeve thing, gaiters, and video game style collar things are a recipe for disaster. Maybe the aesthetic is possible to pull off, but it would require very high quality pieces and someone who is really good at this kind of thing. It's one of those, if you need to ask for advice, there is no way you could pull it off scenarios. As terrible as it is, I'd probably chuckle if I saw someone wearing any of those accessories at a bar or something. I'm just picturing someone alone at a dive drinking some shitty (or very oddly expensive for the bar) single malt whisky alone approaching random people and trying to talk about outdated philosophers. Even just the high rise pants look seems very intimidating to me. I'm always very impressed by the people on MFA who pull it off. It seems like one of those things where if you pull it off you look incredibly fashionable, but if you fuck it up just a little you end up looking  wholly ridiculous.	labels:What is an "outdated philosopher"?	episode_done:True
text:Thoughts on Shein?	labels:It’s garbage fast fashion. It’s comparable to Forever 21 or Charlotte Russe.
text:Desperate for Pinterest inspiration!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:This has always been something I hated! I also think that Black Friday sales are overblown and actually not that good (for clothes). I typically wait until January to shop for sales because that's when retailers are trying to dump inventory to make their year end numbers look better. (Fiscal year for retailers ends in January and doesn't follow the calendar year.)	labels:Oh that's a good idea! I can reliably count on shops like Madewell, Levi's, Abercrombie & Fitch, etc. to have sales at the end of the season. The only problem is whether or not they'll have my size when the sale happens or if they're sold out of everything except XS and XL...	episode_done:True
text:You're complaining about lighting to a guy that lives in perpetual darkness for half the year lmao	labels:	episode_done:True
text:People with crazy hair, how do you plan your outfits to go with your hair color?	labels:I've been pretty much every colour of the rainbow, hair wise.  Currently I'm rocking my natural colour (brunette) with fluorescent pink tips.  I typically wear a wardrobe of black/grey/white, so my many hair colours never really clashed.  These days, I've opened up myself to a few new colours (green and burgundy mostly), and I like the contrast they give with my tips.    For me, my limited colour palette let my hair take center stage!	episode_done:True
text:What are the Luxury IT Bags right now? And which ones are actually worth the $?	labels:I’ve been seeing the 2000’s Prada nylon bags everywhere lately!	episode_done:True
text:Hard agree. By all means please step outside the norms if that’s what you’re feeling, but I’m not a huge fan of the looks they styled	labels:	episode_done:True
text:List of a couple of inspo albums	labels:Mods: please sticky	episode_done:True
text:Pretty much anything that isn't black. Any neutral colored t-shirt and white sneakers, you could go chambray shirt with clarks, you could do a grey sweatshirt, denim trucker, and chucks or a work boot.	labels:Why not black?
text:What is your 2021 style resolution?	labels:Focus on quality rather than quantity.
text:These were mine too! I loved the outfits on Sabrina.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:2020 Fall Fit Battle - Superlative	labels:Biggest snub	episode_done:True
text:Hedi Slimane’s CELINE- an idealized look at 1960s rock & roll (large inspiration album)	labels:Really love Harry Potter on a ladder outfit.	episode_done:True
text:My 10x10 Capsule wardrobe challenge results	labels:Inspiring!	episode_done:True
text:Fold VS Hang	labels:I fold almost everything - living in NY with very limited closet space, I have to save it for the nicest pieces. Most of my clothes are dryer-friendly so if something I've folded looks really rough, I'll spritz it with a spray bottle and throw it in the dryer with towels for like ten min. But uh..... a lot of times I just wear clothes with creases in them ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯	episode_done:True
text:Thank you!    Ironically, I didn't start wearing prints until a couple of years ago -- I heavily favor solid colors with architectural draping.  As I joked with a friend, "I don't even wear stripes!"  (Still don't, actually haha.)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Somebody else loosing so much time to choose the right item to buy when looking for something? I feel it cost me more in time when I try to buy responsibly.	labels:Yes!! When you’re looking for something so specific it takes you ages because you’re spending all that time trying not to miss it	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 16, 2021	labels:Is there a reference for how Uniqlo U t-shirt colors look online vs. in person?  I've bought one before and while it was listed as orange (and looked as such in photos), it's really more of a brown.  I love the color but I'd rather see what they actually look like first.    There's a few examples online right now where a color is listed as blue but looks grey, or dark orange that looks like wine red.  Is there somewhere where people post what color (i.e. 29 dark orange) with a photo of the product?    Cheers!	episode_done:True
text:I will try! Genuinely like the very good-natured spirit of MFA.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What female TV characters do you think are well-styled and worthy of imitation?	labels:Jean Milburn, the mother in Sex Education. Such breezy, effortless looks
text:General Discussion - November 12, 2020	labels:I ordered a new saddle for my bike.  Immediately after ordering, I saw a promotion for 15% off my first order.  I sent a request within 5 minutes for that promotion to be retroactively applied (processing change, price adjustment, partial refund, cancel and reorder, whatever), and they basically said "no".  Returns are free.  I am going to ship this goddamn thing back across the Atlantic and they are going to lose out more on shipping than they would have just giving me the discount, plus the cost of a sale.  EDIT: I should be naming and shaming, it's Brooks y'all.
text:Anyone here has the habit of needing to buy a new clothing/set of clothings when attending an occasion/going somewhere?	labels:This happens when I don’t prepare and don’t take the time to slowly buy things for certain occasions over time. I almost always hate what I bought when this happens and I end up donating it or reselling it on poshmark/eBay at the end of the season.	episode_done:True
text:Spend $250 on a good replica bag or Tory Burch?	labels:I wouldn’t focus on the label but rather quality...	episode_done:True
text:Who else has sensory issues that has figured out ways to not dress boring?	labels:I’m not sure if this is a sensory issue but I hate turtlenecks. They always make me feel like I’m choking, even if they’re loose. I love the way they look though :(	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 20, 2021	labels:My partner is now officially my spouse. I now wear a ring which will look good with my fits, but feels really weird being just ... there on my hand, all the time now.  They vetoed me posting pictures (we have public facing jobs, these pictures are all over social media, too easy to reverse image search etc.), but they wore a Rick Owens dress (that I picked out) while I went full minimalism with a collarless shirt with onyx studs, a sleek blazer and cropped trousers. I put this together from my existing wardrobe, since we didn't want to spend a lot. Covid measures made things a bit weird, but the court officer made a real effort into making it nice, which was great. (edit: just so nobody thinks we are totally irresponsible: it was literally just us at city hall, no guests, no party. We'll catch up with that after vaccination.)  It was fun seeing all y'all Americans count down to my wedding day.
text:Yeahhhh... Maybe check grailed for last year's collab?	labels:didn’t even realize this was a yearly thing lol... good looks!	episode_done:True
text:### Robes (Bath/Boxer Robes, Dressing Gowns, etc)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Yeah, the extra stress of maintaining the purchase would get old. That's one of the reason I avoid clothing rentals. Interesting about the contemporary brands though, that makes me think (unsurprisingly) resale demand is driven largely by what is popular among the majority (which would be tricky to predict).	labels:Aritzia resale is very popular in canada	episode_done:True
text:Bolero album because it's here whether you like it or not	labels:I don't hate them! But I have to say I think they work much better this time around paired with higher waists. Kinda have a winterized crop top vibe.	episode_done:True
text:London street style Inspo (circa 1985-1990s)	labels:Hi all! This album is just a collection of street styles taken from London circa 1985-1990s by Mr. Shoichi Aoki.      I was very much surprised when going through the photos today because of how good the fits are considering they're mostly from the mid 80s. These looked like styles from the streets of Tokyo & Seoul but they turned out to from the UK instead. I know in terms of fashion many countries draw inspiration from each other but I never expected the folks in London to be so in command and stylish from such an early period!      Another pleasant surprise was how similar these fits look to the current trend of streetwear, high fashion / avantgarde style in the recent 2-3 years. If I had no clue of the year these photos were taken from, I wouldn't have a problem believing that they were from recent years.
text:Depends what you mean by ‘dress shoes’.  Chunky derbies? probably yes.   Sleek oxfords? probably no.  Post photos if you want proper feedback.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:You grew into it as a person	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Casual Tailoring	labels:Jackets 12-15, especially the patched one are great.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - February 17, 2021	labels:Looking for shorts suggestion for a guy with skinny legs. I am 6 feet and looking for technical ( quick dry, lightweight) shorts with zippers pocket etc.	episode_done:True
text:A Bespoke Shirtmaker On How A Shirt Should Fit	labels:Didn't see any mention about back fit. For sample I don't remember ever having a shirt that didn't pull tight on my back when doing a hugging motion with my arms. Even with made to measure shirts. Is this just a given and part of the experience with dress shirts?
text:Can Your Outfit Influence the Way You Feel? Enclothed cognition describes the effect that clothing have on how an individual thinks, feels, and behaves	labels:All the time yes. It's a two way street, fashion reflexs in the mind and the mind reflex in fashion. When feeling depressed I dress poorly.	episode_done:True
text:Just googled those earrings 😍a different pair of earrings from Etsy arrived for me yesterday so am testing them out now!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Lookbook | +J 2020 Fall/Winter Collection | UNIQLO	labels:I feel like this collection is boring tbh, it doesn't look any different from their usual collection. I prefered the jw anderson collection.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 30, 2020	labels:Supposedly, black shirts make you look slimmer, while white shirts make you look bulkier. Will a shirt with the bottom half black and the top half white do what I think it will?
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Layering	labels:Whats the I'd on the jeans for #1? Dope
text:Menswear I Drool Over: FW/2021 Part III	labels:The Jil Sander collection is quite stunning. I also like the Junya Watanabe with the Italian automotive brand collaborations, pretty left field and not something I would expect to see, but why does Junya Watanabe always make the outerwear kind of one size too small? Like the body proportion is out of sync with the rest? They would look so much nicer to my eye if they had a better shape or even a bit oversized like workwear.	episode_done:True
text:Support Small Businesses This Holiday Season	labels:It is literally impossible to support local small business around me right now ..they are all still closed bc of non-essential lockdown. Many have closed for good, including the local artisan made clothing company that has been around since 1927.
text:Pretty sure Alexander Wang sent some faux leather sweatpants down the runway last year? Plus he did masks...	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: What do your shoes say about you?	labels:My shoes are goddamn trash talkers who want to know why I never let them out of the closet anymore.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 04, 2021	labels:Sidebar; I've been thinking about what I/we can do to bring some light-heartedness and fun into the sub. Would anyone else have interest in a Meme Monday or similar to have one fun post to poke fun at ourselves and joke around? mfa_irl is fun but low activity, and I actually want to engage lurkers (positively).
text:General Discussion - January 06, 2021	labels:Shaved (only been 4-5 days) and didn't recognize myself in the mirror  ~~We're not done yet and it's not who I want running the show, but after the elections it feels like a huge weight has lifted~~  spoke too soon	episode_done:True
text:Does Anyone Ever Feel Like It’s Hard to Find Basic Clothing Items That Were Plentiful in the Past?	labels:I don't know if I'd consider a velvet dress a basic item.  My basic item is a good quality fitted tee and tank.  Old Navy used to be the place to buy these things but their quality has gone downhill a lot.  I just want a tee or tank that is good for layering, but is not so sheer that I can't wear it alone.  Is something made with fabric heavier than tissue paper too much to ask?  (And by fitted, I don't mean the Everlane oversized/boxy fit.  If I wanted that, I'd shop in the men's section.)
text:I'm so sorry. The database is still very small  (under 600) and the app is only representative of a few hundred (it needs an update, and even then can only represent those who entered 100% of the data without exceptions -- limitations in the programming until I can actually get a web developer.) Please let me know if there's anything you think I can do to improve this, including giving more explicit instructions to participants. The survey does provide measuring instructions, but self reporting does have its limitations and there are always going to be inconsistencies. But I am very open to suggestions for improvement! Even if it's not currently feasible, maybe it will be one day if I ever get funding (the dream, right?)	labels:This is a really neat tool! I didn't find a good size twin for myself but it is awesome to be able to search like this. I think if you added some measurements other than bust/waist/hip and height, it might help account for different body composition.
text:MFA's Own: 2020 Favorites	labels:Everyone here wears very cool clothes and are very cool people.  Especially cool on both counts is you u/partycharlie, love seeing how everyone has dressed over the course of the year.  I like this sub.
text:General Discussion - October 27	labels:I think early MFA and the attendant blogosphere it spawned / belonged to / helped popularise is partially to blame for the whole "timeless" nonsense.  We've come a long way from "well dressed men wear suits" to "actually shirts and blazers can be dressed down" to "actually you can wear what you want and look good", and maybe the whole "timeless", "dapper", "classic", "gentleman" thing was a necessary part of the journey, but... would it just fucking die please.
text:Moncler acquires Stone Island	labels:ISO thermal reactive Montcler parka	episode_done:True
text:Absolutely this. While quality is something I think about, especially when going into the triple or quadruple digit price range, it isn’t always my guiding factor. Plain black tee? Yeah sure I’m going for par quality. I’ve never understood people who need a Margiela plain black tee. But I do understand people who want Margiela tabi boots. I’m sure you can get boots that out quality Margielas for half the price. But they won’t ignite that flame and if I’m not ignited by a statement piece them I’m not having fun.   I guess this whole discussion will just be people fighting for *how* and *why* they dress. Some people want solid brown boots to last 20 years. Others want boots that make them feel a certain way or say a certain specific fashion statement. Regardless we’re all one fashion fam. :)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Has consulting a stylist really been a revelation to you?	labels:For me it was! I never did the personal color palette. But ever since I went shopping with a stylist I’m good at picking out clothes that I feel great it :)	episode_done:True
text:Your Go-To Tee Is Actually a Turtleneck	labels:I hate them, they're so 70s.
text:How often do you wash your clothes?	labels:I sniff test everything (except underwear, which is one wear/wash) and I just purchased a wool sweater for the first time and I was *so suspicious* of the care instructions telling me not to wash it lol. I scoured the whole internet looking for something to tell me that this information was fake and that my suspicions were correct. After an overwhelming amount of evidence telling me I would have wasted $100 if I don't listen to people smarter than me, I begrudgingly made a deal with myself to give airing out only a try and I would wash it if it so much as had a hint of a stink.  Four months later and the sweater is going strong! That'll show me. In hindsight it makes sense that wool is water and scent wicking, because sheep have it "on" all the time, it was just a big adjustment for me since I had never really had natural fiber clothes before.	episode_done:True
text:What fashion FAQs would you like answered as megathreads? v2	labels:How do I pick the right size buying online?
text:How has your style and shopping habits changed with age and financial standing?	labels:When I was in my early 20's, my first priority was to look "cute" or "hot". 5 inch heels were just what I did. I had no money obviously, so it ended up being most anything I could find on clearance.   I'm in my mid-30's now and I simply don't wear it if it isn't comfortable. Not to say I live in sweatpants (well, pre-pandemic anyway), but I prioritize my comfort, looking relatively pulled together, and not tragically out of style but still not necessarily trendy. I don't wear heels.   I don't shop clearance anymore. If it's a well made item that I want and I've taken the time to think about it, I buy it. Otherwise, I do a lot of thrifting and wear what I like of that and sell the rest.	episode_done:True
text:I never felt as old as the first time I read “flared leggings”	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How Carhartt A Billion-Dollar Brand	labels:What a title!
text:People who built your wardrobe consciously from scratch - what were your strategies?	labels:I lost a lot of weight recently (AUS size 18/16 to 8), so this is probably the third time I have rebuilt a wardrobe. I am also a teacher and approaching my 30s so I wanted to appear more put together than what I did in my 20s.  It was difficult as I was anxious when clothes shopping because I had no idea what size I was at the time. My first step was to at least buy some basic but nice quality pants, I started with two pairs of jeans that I could wear to work or casually to figure out my size. She also showed me some blouses they had on sale at the time. I left with two tops and two pairs of jeans.      After knowing my size I went to a store like H&M and purchased a few more basic pieces such as blouses and pants that were suitable for work when I needed to be more professional and opposed to casual. During winter I purchased a couple of pieces that were on sale at MYER that were suitable for our weather, I also got two pencil skirts for variety.  I also took time to walk around my local shopping centre to see what was available close by to my home so I could identify what stores I should keep an eye on or watch for sales. When some of the stores I like are having a sale I will pop in and purchase a couple of things.  I also had to purchase new shoes as I lost half a shoe size (AUS 8 - 7.5)  Overall, start with some basics and keep an eye on the stores you like for sales. Every now and then if you really like something buy it. Even though I purchased all these nice clothes if I were a sim my default outfit would be tights and a denim shirt at the moment.	episode_done:True
text:Yeah well Scooby Doo can doo doo, but Jimmy Carter is smarter.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Other than the conventional black/blue/white pants or trousers, what other colour pants or trousers do you own ? How do you style it ?	labels:1) Two pairs of olive wide leg pants - one dressier and one casual. Great with greys, warmer blues, purples (incl eggplant and berries), white, pink 2) Ginger - basically wear with white only (ginger + black “wears me”) 3) Sand - wear with neutrals or slightly warm colors  ETA - I also have a pair of tropical print pants in red, pink, ginger and black. Just love them. Wear with any of the print colors or white	episode_done:True
text:She really said I will wear my own red carpet thank you	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Thank you!! If you have any recommendations for more of this genre I'll take it for inspo! I struggle finding more examples in that line.	labels:I am a super casual fashion person so I have nothing to contribute except amazement at your ability to analyze and execute such cute-ass wardrobes haha ❤️
text:Hedi Slimane’s CELINE- an idealized look at 1960s rock & roll (large inspiration album)	labels:Thanks for taking the time to write this down. Best post I have seen here by a mile.	episode_done:True
text:Yeah I already disliked polos but working retail killed them for me, it’s a work uniform forever for me	labels:I don't get this. Retail workers wear shirts, t shirts, sometimes sweatshirts, jeans, chinos, trainers, etc etc. Polo shirts are no more common than any other type of shirt.
text:Thank you. This is exactly the information I was hoping to get.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:42 Fits: A Not-quite Capsule Wardrobe	labels:Amazing. Which New Balances are they?	episode_done:True
text:What are your go-to, everyday shoes?	labels:Blundstones in the winter, white keds in the summer. I'm a simple gal. 🤷‍♀️  Side note, I wear orthodics so my shoe choices are based on whether I can rip out the insole and fit my orthodics. Unfortunately this means no sandals during the summer unless I really think it's worth it to sacrifice cuteness for knee pain!
text:Black is Beautiful, Braids are Beautiful, Bald is Beautiful: Ayanna Pressley as an icon of feminine professionalism	labels:I think people just now are starting to really see the beauty in blackness, not just in fashion sense, which has always been apparent, but also in human terms.  I mean, black people or people of black skin color have been painted in very ugly and negative terms for hundreds if not thousands of years.  And that has been done by people of light skin color.  I have not seen a lot of examples of people of dark skin color vilifying people of white skin color, just based on their skin color alone.    This stuff has been around for thousands of years.  I think it really started with the Romans and the great lie they have perpetrated to steal the identity of Christ, because they could not contain the spread of Christianity despite the persecution of Christians after Christ's death.    The color black in fashion has always been wildly successful.  However, that success has never translated to black people or people of black skin color because of the concerted effort that has been done throughout millenia against them.  Black beauty is a light within which had been hidden from the world.  Despite efforts to reverse this coming to light, or as I would call it Black Enlightment, it is undeniable that this trend too is unstoppable.  Justice for All...	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 11, 2020	labels:Looking for jean fitment advise. I have trouble finding jeans to fit me well, and need help with what style I should be looking at. I just tried on a pair of Levi 514 Straights, and they fit okay in the waist and thighs, though from the knees down were way too big and boxy. If I want to keep the same fit from the knees to waist, am I looking for a tapered pair, skinny, ect..? I'm 5'10 170 and the 514's I tried were a 33W 30L. Thanks!	episode_done:True
text:Athleisure button down shirts	labels:I own both the lulu shirts and they are absolutely superb. Lulu also makes great polos but I know you said you were trying to drift away from that. You could maybe try layering a sweater over a dress shirt to make it a little more casual.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 08	labels:Those red fleece OCBDs that everyone likes are bogo free rn, and when combined with bc1818, email signup, and shoprunner shipping they’re $18 a piece.
text:Inspo Album - Random Assortment of Fall 2020 Trends	labels:That coat wit the squidy fringe!	episode_done:True
text:Sweats and Hoodies	labels:I wish I lived in a cold climate so I could layer like this. Would honestly die of heat stroke walking around in this attire.	episode_done:True
text:Tailoring as a lifestyle choice - Suiting in The Crown	labels:In the age of WFH, what if men just started really living in their tailoring? Hands thrust in pockets, lounging on a picnic blanket, feet up binging Netflix?  An interesting thought exists that as mens casual wear became more acceptable that suiting became more structured and stiff. Thoughts?
text:Synthetics in Our Wardrobe	labels:I think its important to take into consideration that sure synthetic fibres are easier to acquire nowadays and its the ‘new’ thing to turnover plastic into these fabrics however, we need to think of biodegradability. Although these synthetic fibres are accessible they are not as easy to degrade into the earth as natural fibres. Look into this and think about it when shopping. I personally own items that are made of synthetic fabrics but have purchased them second hand so they are already pre-existing.  I feel grateful to have so many options accessible to me here in the GTA, so I now purchase about 90% of my clothing second hand.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 02, 2020	labels:Thanks heaps to /u/dai_due' for selling me one of his Uniqlo +J hybrid down parka! finally received it and love it. Can't believe size XS actually works on me (normally medium in uniqlo stuff). Still has enough room to layer and somehow still has that oversized look. Amazed!  Also, after about 6 months of wear, I can confidently say the Auralee seamless tee is my favourite one that I own. I immediately knew it was gonna be my favourite as soon as I received it but I wanted to see how it was after many wears. One of the best features about it is that it's so soft but still drapes so nicely. And any wrinkle it develops after being folded in the closet basically straightens itself out after being worn for about 10 minutes. Shit! now i'm looking for more in different colors. A bit expensive at retail price but I've seen them on sale for around $50 which is doable for me.	episode_done:True
text:If you could only have one overcoat, what would it be?	labels:Windproof waterproof Katmandu jacket that I wear walking	episode_done:True
text:What does your shoe wardrobe look like? What are your shoe essentials?	labels:I’m definitely a shoe hoarder. I’ve got over 30 pairs that cover a wide variety of styles - boots (tall or short), heels (from work-practical to 6+” party shoes), flats, sandals, running shoes, etc. I’m also 5’2” so if something is cute and has a heel, I’ll buy it.  My essentials probably boil down to a pair of black lace-up ankle boots, at least one pair of neutral, sensible heels for work, and a pair of casual flat sneakers that I can dress up or down. These are the items that I default to when I’m not feeling brave about shoes, and the items I always replace when they wear out.  I tend to buy cheaper shoes because I like having that kind of variety. I have a couple of pairs of more expensive shoes that are significantly better quality for when I want to hold on to them for a while. I find it’s a lot easier for me to be adventurous with shoes than with the rest of my wardrobe, and I’m less likely to feel self-conscious if I try something new. This post does remind me though that I need to clean out my closet...	episode_done:True
text:MFA Brand MegaReview: Camoshita | January 23, 2021	labels:# Inspiration	episode_done:True
text:I think it would be hilarious for face masks to also follow typical fall trends. Plaid flannel, corduroy, tweed, argyle sweater, faux fur....	labels:I have a fake leather one... >.>	episode_done:True
text:MMMM GATS	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Fashion trends	labels:Platform heels, low rise jeans, I will never give up my skinny jeans ever, Uggs, sandals that aren’t Birkenstock’s or Chaco’s, shirts that aren’t cropped or 4 sizes too big, and summer tops that can be worn with a regular bra, those are surprisingly hard to come by these days, apparently fashion companies think people don’t have boobs anymore.
text:Haha it is a great jacket! I sometimes wonder if I came to this topic because I wanted an excuse to wear it more ;)  But thank you! I'm glad you understand how I approach "not defaulting".  Everything's gotta have a POV, at least for me, as it guides literally everything I do!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:An Introduction to Japanese Menswear Magazines	labels:Are any of these in English?
text:I love dusty pinks and mauves.  I cannot express how badly those colors look with my skin. I've had *strangers* ask me if I was ok because they assumed someone who resembled a corpse that much must be actually nearing death.   I love heels and very sleek business casual as well as what I can only call ho-fits. I have bad ankles fr from working on concrete floors too many hours, and take public transportation. It's too much of a risk I could sprain my ankle from how much I walk, and I can't afford another sprain. My office is not business casual or sleek, but a no fuss "just don't wear t-shirts with slogans or anything" type of place. I am decidedly over my ho phase, despite my continued love of the clothes.   My fantasy of wearing heeled booties with a structured fashion blazer over a mauve dress is not any less real just because I have the common sense to not go through with it.  Fashion fantasy is still a valid form of participation!	labels:I have gotten around that a bit by having decor in colours I look bad in. I definitely have some dusty pink throw pillows. I also like 70s mustard yellow but it never seems to look right.	episode_done:True
text:What true heirloom pieces do you own and how do you incorporate them into your style?	labels:I have a pair of beautiful caramel taper-toe Dex riding boots that my mom bought in 1970 with her first paycheck. She gave them to me when I was in high school in 2007 and I wore the soles out from wearing them so much. I paid $30 to have them re-soled with leather in 2012 and my mom was so shocked because that's how much she paid for them in the first place.  But these boots are so special to me and not a single thing could ever persuade me to get rid of them.	episode_done:True
text:Ellen McArthur Circular Economy Report: by 2029 Resale is expected to be bigger than Fast Fashion	labels:That's a great article, thanks for sharing	episode_done:True
text:I wear capes all the time. I say just do it! Nothing wrong with getting stared at (most people probably just think you are classy/have great taste/into fashion). I wear this black fur ysl Cape so often and have received nothing but compliments on it.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 03, 2021	labels:Need to get skinny jeans tapered--any recommendations for alterations/tailoring in the Hyde Park, Chicago area? I'm a student at the University of Chicago, so I live near Woodlawn--willing to make a 10-15 minute walk for a good tailor, or take the bus. Cheers!	episode_done:True
text:Yeah, they're about to be parted out.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Your Chore Coat Isn’t Up to the Task	labels:I don’t necessarily agree but this but killed me.  >	At one point, the chore jacket was a necessary invention to hold the wrenches and screwdrivers that welded our capitalist society together. Ironically, it’s now become a uniform for the people who benefit most from capitalism: white dudes with office jobs and 401(k)s who use the pockets for PAX vapes, power bricks and cashless leather card holders.
text:Menswear I Drool Over: FW/2020 Part II	labels:25 and 26 are the standouts for me. More understated that the rest but the whole album was super interesting to look through!
text:General Discussion - November 27, 2020	labels:The Mandalorian is good. That's all I have to say today.
text:Amazon Wardrobe is a really good option if you do this. It let's you try on clothes and you only pay for the clothes if you keep them	labels:But amazon is so bad and there are so many other options. Just saying.	episode_done:True
text:A Soft History of American Radicals, Revolutionaries, and Christians — Die, Workwear!	labels:Why do I love stories about knitwear so damn much?
text:Don’t die please	labels:Ok because you asked so nicely
text:General Discussion - January 09, 2021	labels:North Face Denali Jacket: The official jacket of “Yes I got my bachelor’s degree in business, how did you know?”
text:Good to know! I think I might try Trunk Club next and see how it goes!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Congrats man!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are your thoughts on outfit repeating multiple days in a row?	labels:Spent a few weeks in Italy during college, and I noticed that outfit repeating was quite common. Unfortunately in the US people will look at you funny if you do that 😕.	episode_done:True
text:> developing self and others  Thanks for the nightmares. Christ, HR is garbage.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:gotem haha	labels:	episode_done:True
text:[Review] TATRAS OFFICIAL BORGOGNONE DOWN JACKET, down for the city	labels:Yes, I agree, the straps are somewhat a bit tacky for me but apart from that the jacket looks really nice!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 10, 2020	labels:I get that everyone else on MFA is a washed-up dusty old man who skipped being a teenager straight into adulthood and thus will never get what I'm about to say, but man it's so hard to feel properly angsty without wearing black. It's like I need a whole other wardrobe that's all Rick just for those days I'm feeling down and/or rebellious.
text:Your favorite ___ for $___: Sweatpants	labels:# Above $200	episode_done:True
text:How has the quality changed over the years at some of your fav brands?	labels:I feel like Abercrombie and Fitch has turned around! I love all the dresses I've bought from them - almost all have been lined and a lot of them have pockets! I'm so pleased.
text:WEEKLY DEALZ: "BLACK FRIDAY" 2020 EDITION	labels:**BIPOC-owned businesses** (feel free to post both here and under the appropriate letter - this is an effort to help people find all BIPOC-owned in one place)	episode_done:True
text:>"what's the difference between shirt fabrics?"  Don't be silly, shirt fabrics are all the same.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:isn’t the import tax on crap in most countries down here so high that makes the entire purchase not worth it (especially anything from North America or Europe)?  Edit: meant to phrase this as a question, as I only know for sure in one country	labels:The sum of all of the taxes is what makes importing hard some times  I got a pair of boots that I had to pay a whole lotta different taxes for it. Import tax, customs fee, luxury goods tax, sales tax,  USD 160 taxes for USD 410 value, wild af	episode_done:True
text:How different is your actual heel length vs what it's advertised as and, how much does it change by shoe size for you?	labels:I can't offer any help, but I just want to say that I hate how the heel height is measured from under the sole, when the footbed might actually slope up another full inch from there to the back of the heel. I'm only comfortable in heels up to about 4" max, and I don't order online bc they're always taller than I think from the measurements posted!	episode_done:True
text:really interesting stuff. you seem pretty knowledgeable about this subject	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Haha I’m glad you enjoyed it! I also love seeing other people’s closets. Uncomfortable sleeves are the worst... I used to do that all the time too because “it’s a perfectly good piece of clothing” but it’s not helpful at all if you’re not going to wear it. (Or worse if you wear it and are uncomfortable all day).	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do you handle budget increases when it comes to clothes? (ex. going from student to working professional)	labels:You Need A Budget. No, really - it's the best money-management app/process I've found. I signed up when I realized that I had promise to pay for a family Italian cruise because I had my first well-paying job - But I didn't seem to be getting ahead even though I was making twice as much as I had before. Zero-based budgeting in general is the way to go but I love YNAB for making that system easy to manage.  The thing that works for me about zero-based is that I can really easily prioritize the things that are important to me and also see the trade-off I'm making for every purchase if I change those priorities. It keeps those little windfalls or pay raises from just vanishing into the ether. I got paid $64 last week for a poshmark sale, and I immediately put that money in my March rent category. Before, I would have gone and bought a new shirt, or spent it all on soup dumplings, or bought a new shirt and then spilled the soup dumplings I also bought on the new shirt. 😅  If fashion is important to you, then you can prioritize that and invest in a wardrobe that will give you joy. If it's travel, put your money toward that instead, and you'll feel the power to walk away from a good sale because you know it's just a distraction from your real goals. I still spend a lot on clothes and eating out, but I no longer feel guilty or stressed about it, because when I spend it's a conscious choice.  I guess this is more general financial advice than specific to OP's situation, but I find it useful for any of us who have expensive hobbies (aka all of mine) or potential big expenses like OP's.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 20, 2020	labels:what's on ya'll's mind
text:Having a Tough Time Finding Retailers for My Style	labels:So, look, I don't want to tell you _not_ to do this, but if I've understood correctly you're looking at creating a bloodborne-inspired victorian/traditional wardrobe. There are elements of that style that have mainstream appeal today, high-waisted wool trousers being one example. However, when you take them in context with the more "interesting" elements you picked out it gives off serious cosplay vibes. Perhaps you should take the fact that the only places offering this sort of clothing are Etsy/cosplay stores as a hint that you should reconsider this idea.  You might be thinking, _what about the cyber goth vampire Rick Owens fits I see on this sub?_ It's a valid question. The key difference is that the style you're going for here has _such_ a strong association with cosplay and videogames and so little mainstream appeal that the number one association people are going to make is that you are cosplaying. Doubly-so if you're wearing cosplay-quality clothes from cosplay vendors. While the Rick Owens aesthetic may not have mainstream appeal it _is_ very accepted within fashion circles and _doesn't_ have that strong cosplay association.  So with that said my advice is to take what you've got and tone it down. Treat it like a high-fashion runway show and take inspiration from it instead of trying to recreate it 1:1. High-waisted trousers, great. Gaiters? Maybe just get some actual boots. Bloodborne-style woolen collars/scarves/hooded shawls? Wear a regular scarf that has an interesting shape or texture, or a shirt with a more exaggerated collar. Maybe the fact that you can't find retailers selling this kind of stuff is the limitation you need to make it work in the real world.  Or maybe I'm just talking complete shite and someone smarter than me can help you more. I hope that I've at least broken the ice and said what needed to be said so that people can try to constructively help you.
text:Cream coloured ftw. I think they're nicer than white and look less jarring.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:> One decent suit in any closet is always a must  it is definitely not - many people arguably don't even need _a_ suit, let alone _a decent_ suit	labels:I think you can swap out “suit” for “something you wear often”. A lot of guys could do with pricier and higher quality (read: sustainable) suit equivalents. A $500+ pair of boots. An $800 coat. $200+ jeans. These are today’s “suits.” Buy them, care for them, repair them and wear them for decades.	episode_done:True
text:what are your fashion flaws?	labels:I simultaneously buy things I like regardless of having the occasion to wear them and also have a tendency to "save the good stuff" for these nonexistent occasions, which has resulted in a practical overabundance of clothes that are just a little too dressy for my lifestyle, and that this year I have literally had no reason whatsoever to touch...  I also don't know if it's just me but I'm constantly hooking parts of my clothing (belt loops esp) on cabinet handles?
text:Old Joe Fall/Winter 2020	labels:that brown suit in the first one.... god
text:General Discussion - October 28	labels:Aaaaaaaaand there's the cancellation email for that 1.99 Issey shirt. Was too good to be true
text:Inspo Album - Random Assortment of Fall 2020 Trends	labels:The lady in the mesh face mask with flowers (obsessed with the dress) looks like one of the mask objectors that wear cheesecloth masks because they claim the pandemic isn’t real. ):	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 30, 2020	labels:> Person with shitty history is accused of sexual harassment  > Lurkers who complain about white-knighting: I'll defend this man's innocence to my death
text:There really is no evidence for this theory.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Sock It To Me: Novelty Sock Appreciation Post	labels:My all time favorites have a little cat on them and say ‘F*ck off I’m reading”. They have a hole now but I’m keeping them anyway. Second favs have words on the bottom of the feet: “if you can read this” on one foot and “bring me wine” on the other.	episode_done:True
text:Has consulting a stylist really been a revelation to you?	labels:1000% worth it!! Save up/write down all of your style questions and use the time you have to ask all of them, no matter how trivial or embarrassing you might think they are.	episode_done:True
text:The OG 90s Supermodels will tell their stories in a new documentary	labels:I'm so glad my Apple TV+ free trial got extended until February! I cannot wait for this.	episode_done:True
text:I absolutely love this story! I’m very happy you got a beautiful bag and got out of a relationship that wasn’t for you.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Best and Worst Purchases of 2020?	labels:Best: during early COVID, sales got good enough for me to snag a pair of light grey CPs. I don’t hunt for sales religiously, so I felt especially good seeing them.  They’re my hope sneakers. Hope that eventually we could go out again and I’d have actual reason to wear them.  Worst: didn’t really have much of a reason to buy clothes this year, so nada.	episode_done:True
text:Bodysuits better than skims (important)	labels:I absolutely love bodysuits and I wish that they were a more popularized article of clothing. It's amazing to be able to avoid the frustrating dance of trying to tuck in a shirt without making fabric lumps. I've only been able to find a few stores that have a wide variety of basic bodysuit options, so thank you for sharing these finds
text:Same here.  Though hot take, I always preferred y2k fashion even in the middle of the ‘10s. Sure, not everything worked and a lot of it was chaos (looking at you 00s disney channel), but I’ve always loved the bright colors and the fact that people took risks.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do I feel more comfortable "dressing up"?	labels:Actually, this is a great time to address this. Once you come out of the pandemic, people will have somewhat forgotten what your normal is so you can set a new tone. Dress it up the first few times you see people and it will set the tone for a new normal. No one will even think it's weird because I bet everyone is sitting at home just wishing they would wear anything other than sweats. So, for the first couple of times at least, make sure you dress up. After that it'll be your normal. I kinda dealt with this too. I live in the bay area, the most people wear here are jeans and a tee. I hate it so will go with dresses and other things often and feel really overdressed. I realized that for me the best way to not feel weird about that was to dress down my shoes. So wearing ankle boots was the fanciest I would go with shoes and that was only on rare occasions. Most of the time I would pair sandals or sneakers with my outfits and look like I fit in again.	episode_done:True
text:Walmart fashion a “new” thing as seen on IG bloggers?	labels:Walmart marketing has caught up, nothing more.	episode_done:True
text:The Business of Markups on Logo T-Shirts. Why You Shouldn't Drop $600 on a Gucci Tee	labels:Uniqlo gang so I don’t look like an idiot wearing an expensive logo shirt	episode_done:True
text:Those Needles Track Pants	labels:"It's a trackpants album, how cool can it possibly be?" ... "*FUCK I want them."*	episode_done:True
text:Hats and how to wear them	labels:Everyone still wears hats! I keep the hat on at all times usually but it depends on the hat. For example, if I am going to be indoors for a duration of time (longer than average grocery trip) I will sometimes take a winter hat off because it'll get too warm to keep it on, or if it is out of place indoors for a long duration. Wear the cloche out! Hats are a great and super easy accessory to up level a look and make items into an outfit.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 01	labels:Man I don't know if there's a more satisfying feeling than finding out a piece you never wore suddenly works with the way your wardrobe has moved. I bought a white YYPH button-up years ago that didn't fit at all with my wardrobe when I got it but I kept for the crazy details and sentimental value (my first Yohji piece). Fast forward and it's incredibly easy to style with what I wear now.	episode_done:True
text:'Everybody will get their mittens': maker of Bernie Sanders' mittens forges business partnership	labels:i love everything about this guy feel the fucking bern y'all	episode_done:True
text:Textured Knits	labels:Great album. Love it all.	episode_done:True
text:I know “fashion” but people of minorities are always forced to try better. Some Insights	labels:Also black. Also mood.   I kinda don’t care about what other people think of my appearance though. I know I dress dope. Over the years I’ve always tried to fit in to whatever mold white people find acceptable, but I got older it started mattering less and less.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 03	labels:Aime Leon Dore closed their webshop for the election.  I'm Canadian! I just want to give them my money :'(
text:What are some unexpected surprises you've found with certain clothing brands that are known for other things?	labels:I was surprised that Abercrombie wasn't just mall crap for teenagers anymore. It's not the heritage company it once was either, it's just a lower-end mall brand now with a lot of solid basics.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 03, 2020	labels:What's the "rule" regarding vests with double-breasted jackets? Should the vest also be double-breasted, should it be higher cut, or should it have a collar?  I'm going for spezzato with pants/vest from one suit and a double breasted jacket from another, but can't decide which kind of vest to get.	episode_done:True
text:Review: Church's McPherson Brogue Derbies with Commando Soles	labels:Great review!  Totally agree re: church's, I've got a pair of their cornwood (Chunky Chelsea boots) which I got around 40% off last year and they're brilliant, they're a tumbled leather so have a softer grain to the embossed calf but have held up to my abuse brilliantly. I've noticed that Church's are excellent at the clicking process and only the highest quality hides make it in (in my experience, they're the only brand I've never seen any inconsistencies in leather quality from).   My only complaint is the last (103 as opposed the the 133 on yours), it looks amazing but leaves me swimming at the heel with a relatively stubby toebox.  I agree too about C&J, their scotch grain is softer (and I'd argue maybe a little *finer*) than church's. But Church's firmer leather is not a bad thing for country shoes and is more in line with the Zug grain you see from Trickers.
text:How to build an age-suitable varied chic wardrobe?	labels:Dress how you want and disregard other people's opinions. If you're uncomfortable sticking out from the crowd then I would recommend shopping at popular stores within your age group and age market, and buy pieces that suit you but are also in line with the general style. You can also dress basic/minimalist and stand out with your accessories.	episode_done:True
text:How do your clothes wear out?	labels:For me, it’s typically the elasticity of fabrics start to give and the items no longer fit correctly or if it’s a bottom, they no longer “stay up”. This usually happens with leggings or panties after about 5 or more years of regular wear with caring for the items properly.  I also had a faux leather jacket wear out after 6 years of regular wear. The faux leather ended up “peeling off” or something like that.
text:Summer outfit inspiration: An inspo album and 6 lessons on how to make complete outfits even when you are dying of heat stroke	labels:Sweaty person living in a hot humid climate: YES TO PATTERNS.   The bigger and ditzier and higher contrast the better, to break up visible lines. Like, say, that sweat pouring off of you and onto your shirt. It's camoflauge for your pits.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 29	labels:Looking for suggestions on quality, warm and slim winter joggers	episode_done:True
text:give me a reason: inspo from multiple sources	labels:For anyone else who is curious - I believe pic 13 is Francis Bacon's "Head VI"  Sources: FadMagazine, Google	episode_done:True
text:It's been my life's goal to incorporate my vintage slacks in everyday casual fits. Hard to do with nowhere to go these days.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are you wearing for Halloween this year?	labels:I have been working hard at getting in shape (down 20 lbs already!) and I’ve been wanting to be the original tomb raider for YEARS but was never toned up enough for it soo if I reach my goals and feel body confident enough come Halloween I will be jumping around exploring in those little shorts and gun holsters!
text:Tips on how to master the style of HBO’s Succession?	labels:I would stick with the classics of the European heritage brands as inspiration if that Old Europe look is what you're going for. Trench coats/Macs (APC has a beige Mac this season that's decent price, Mackintosh, Burberry etc for inspiration), fine Merino wool sweaters (John Smedley makes great turtlenecks), classic tees and sweats that fit well and don't lose shape after wash (Sunspel is a good brand) and tailored trousers (this can range from Incotex, Paul Smith to some independent tailors you can find in Asia such as Yeossal, Craftsman Co. for cheaper alternatives). For shoes, I would pick well made brands like Solovair (they make the unbranded version of Doc Marten's Made in UK stuff) or Kleman's (Made in France shoes).  Main thing is that these clothes look expensive even while being simple is because they are expensive. It is not easy to go to Topman, H&M or even a Club Monaco/J. Crew to replicate that look.	episode_done:True
text:Old Navy has really stepped up their game in the last few years!  I always fall in love with their summer dresses.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Athleisure button down shirts	labels:Hard pass on anything polyester, if I need sweat wicking wool exists	episode_done:True
text:Is Y2K fashion coming back organically or is it a result of progressing the 90's comeback to the next decade since that trend seemed to work out?	labels:Everything eventually comes back in fashion.  Personally I would love for 2000s jeans to come back - not super low rise or the ones that were bedazzled or laced up but just normal rise bootcut and flare jeans. I have a few from that era that I still wear all the time and a couple more that I had to replace with similar ones from poshmark because I couldn't find them in shops.  I also miss 2000s makeup. Sure, there was too much body glitter and candy colors but there was also the fresh dewy look of blush and a light lip gloss - think Britney Spears in her Oops I Did It Again video, or Mandy Moore's makeup in her video for Candy. Not everything in the 2000s was horrible lol.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 25, 2020	labels:Does anyone have any experience being a larger guy with Cuts shirts? Trying to figure out what would look best	episode_done:True
text:Ooo, thanks for your post! Any dress recommendations for postpartum that accommodate breastfeeding and a postpartum belly? I would LOVE to hear what worked for you	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What designer bags and eras do you think will come back in fashion 2021-2022?	labels:In terms of fashion, I think colors and maximalism will come back, after an entire decade of minimalism.   I was watching Twin Peaks, and what amazed me about the 80s 90s fashion in that show is the vibrancy of colors and patterns. We are already immersed in 80s and 90s revival now, esp in terms of oversized and dramatic fits, and I think gradually crazier colors and patterns will become more mainstream.   Bags - I suppose the more dramatic the better, and we are already seeing crazy shapes and colors now. Celine might start with crazier designs as well, with Slimane at its helm.
text:General Discussion - December 24, 2020	labels:I alternate between loving and hating my hair. It's super thick and it feels nice, but I can't do ANYTHING with it style-wise without drenching it in product. I basically have to glue it in place or it'll just flop back into its natural state, which is basically a bowl cut.
text:Rick Owens Wearing Rick Owens	labels:I don't own a single piece of his clothing, and I probably never will, but one of the quotes attributed to him that really stuck with me when I first started browsing mfa was "No outfit is going to make you look or feel as good as having a fit body. Buy less clothing and go to the gym instead." He was right.
text:I found out about this brand because they also offer maternity sport bras and leggings :)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Honestly it's finding boutiques and certain brands you like than looking up stockists from them. That being said in general I like end clothing for sweaters in this price range you'll get a good number of different brands in that price range with some different styles.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:This is absolutely how I do it too. It gives the security of knowing that you will wear and love that expensive piece and (depending on the item) it can save you in the long run. This is a wonderfully practical way to go!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Thank you for the tips!!! I havent really shopped from monki before but imma go check it out!	labels:hey, sorry for the late reply! Monki is really nice for inspiration, but the product quality is somewhat lacking. I still shop there, because they are one of the few stores with a good waist to hip ratio for me (not everyone is an hourglass or a pear shape. haha)	episode_done:True
text:What do you think are the pieces of jewelry everyone should own?	labels:I used to follow the outfit challenges and posts on the blog Putting Me Together and I really like her approach - instead of specific items, it’s more like categories of items. Long drapey necklace. Statement necklace. Short necklace. Neutral dangly earrings. Statement earrings. Stuff like that! That way you can find what suits you within the category so it can be classic and something you will actually wear!
text:Deceptive Marketing Practices by Fashion Companies	labels:Interesting! Other than making it hard to cancel, I legitimately had no idea this was considered deceptive marketing. I thought trapping people like that was considered perfectly okay, since otherwise surely this would be illegal or something.   I'm kind of pleased to know it's not alright by everyone, although I have a feeling it's a complaint brought up by competitors who are trying to shut these types of companies out.	episode_done:True
text:What are some of your least favourite brands?	labels:I wouldn't say I inherently hate the brand but I think Champion is an example of a brand that exploded a few years back/to now basically all because some celebrities or whoever wore it- and everyone who wears it now is most likely a ding dong hypebeast type or the VSCO type girl or whatever. Like I'm old enough to remember it being bottom tier Wal Mart level shit you'd get borderline made fun of for wearing- but now all of the sudden it's enjoying this moment. So it's just that perceived inauthenticity and collective pivot in peoples' minds to a fashion name to people rather than just athletic apparel that irks me somehow.  However though, the Todd Snyder Champion stuff is PHENOMENAL- it's not the mainline stuff. You don't see any of those assholes rocking that.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 05, 2020	labels:Curious to see the opinions here.  How would you modify wanting to dress the way you want in a forever-hot and humid country, like the Philippines?  I know MFA (and other fashion boards) say to get stuff like shorts-above-the-knee, lightweight linen pants, short sleeve button downs, versatile shoes, etc.  But say, if you're enamored by something like the Japanese Americana workwear aesthetic, or something like techwear, or even something like legitimate vintage clothing/workwear. How do you dress like that here in the PH? I'm so interested by the possibilities of fashion but it's so frustrating not being able to put heavier fabrics on to experiment, lest I die of heat stroke.   To make it worse, I'm one of those people who is "allergic" to sweat and heat (I get really itchy), so ugh.
text:I work for the tech arm of an apparel company and occasionally get exposure to retail operations, but have no exposure to product development except as a wear tester.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How to find the confidence to wear clothes you like?	labels:I still have a long way to go myself building up confidence, but I tell myself that life is too short to wear clothes you don’t like (outside of a place you HAVE to, like work or school).	episode_done:True
text:Deceptive Marketing Practices by Fashion Companies	labels:I've never bought any Fabletics stuff for the exact reason of not wanting to be obligated to remember to opt out every month. I got burned by that once in 2012-2014 and as they say, "fool me once..."  I do find it interesting that this one parent company has maintained the same operating procedure through name changes and brand additions. Nice digging!
text:Coats & jackets from fall-winter 2020 runway collections	labels:An emerald/forest green long coat (that Lanvin one is stunning) and a maybe a tan/camel/or even grey wrap coat are on my shopping list this season.   Haven’t found the perfect shade of green yet available here in the U.K. Finding a lot of teal and olive, and probably not helped by my narrow shoulders/pear shape which means I often struggle with fit!	episode_done:True
text:Fall Jacket Recommendations	labels:My PNW fall jackets are assorted raincoats that are just oversized enough to fit another light cardigan or something underneath if it’s cold enough. I have a pink one I thrifted a while ago, yellow Herschel one, and a black one from Rains. If your style is more neutral already it might be fun to get more colorful outerwear!	episode_done:True
text:Walmart fashion a “new” thing as seen on IG bloggers?	labels:Are they marked as sponsored posts? A couple of fashion influencers I follow are showing a lot of Wal-Mart clothes these days and the posts are always marked as sponsored. Any time an influencer is getting paid to wear something I assume they're wearing it for that reason and not because they genuinely like the clothes. I'm always way more interested in what they're wearing when they're not getting paid by some megacorp.  I will say I have weird love for some of the older George (edit: from Wal-Mart) stuff (like from years ago) that I can find on ThredUp periodically, some of the dresses from 10 or so years ago are actually pretty great and wear well. Anything else I've ever seen or purchased is very meh.
text:This could fall under workwear, western wear or americana. There are inspo albums for all of them.	labels:ok so i was going along the right path, i was able to find the inspo albums and posts and ive been going through them finding what i like etc. thank you for your help so much.	episode_done:True
text:Love the idea but I'm fat.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What’s a fashion rule you defy (dressing for your shape, weird color combos, interesting silhouettes etc) that you just love?	labels:Wearing silk in my every day style. It deserves more than my bedroom!	episode_done:True
text:No clue about winter wear. Please Help!	labels:It comes down a lot to personal style. A dressed up look will be a lot different than a streetwear look. Consider your style and purpose of clothing and decide from there. You'll want to get pieces that are flexible as quality winter outerwear can get expensive.	episode_done:True
text:Shearling lined winter shoes.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Layering	labels:1, 3-5, 8, 11-13, 16, 18-22, 25-30, & 32-38 are not examples of layering. They're guys wearing normal clothing + a blazer/outerwear (jacket, coat, vest, etc..)
text:What's the greatest length you've gone to obtain a much coveted fashion item?	labels:When I was in middle school, I saw a sweater on a fashionable outfits Twitter page. I reverse googled the image to find it came from a shop in the UK (I’m in the US). Forgot about conversion and I ended up paying over $60 just for the sweater, not including shipping. My parents were so angry I spent all the money I had on one single clothing item but I still have the sweater about 10 years later and it continues to be a staple item
text:WshoeWT - October 20	labels:	episode_done:True
text:In context it sounds like OP is referring to exclusivity in terms of what trends to create or follow.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The 90s Are Back. Long Live the 70s.	labels:Love turtle necks	episode_done:True
text:Fashion to help your changing body and lifestyle?	labels:I had an accident earlier this year and now have a slow-healing wound on my knee that won’t close up. I have to wear a dressing on it, so tight jeans are a no-go. I got into the habit of dressing down every day, at first because of the pain, which was unpleasant for the first few weeks, and then because I felt down about the injury (and Covid-life in general).  It was a bit of a revelation when I realised some of the more interesting trousers in my wardrobe are perfectly fine to wear, as they accommodate the dressing. It’s been reassuring to know that even if my body isn’t moving in the same way as before, I can still get dressed up if I want to. There’s definitely some restorative power in pulling on a decent outfit from time to time.
text:From Runway to reddit: Ready-to-Wear Purchasing and the Fashion Calendar Explained	labels:This is so interesting! Please continue with this series!!	episode_done:True
text:Scene / Emo / Goth fashion in 2020	labels:it's not that knish, a latke people still wear it
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 16, 2020	labels:Anyone have an Express referral code? kinda wanna see if I can get the $10 since its giving me the option and I want some shitty socks for 3$ eaech.	episode_done:True
text:Post some fits.  I've got no one to chat fits with either.  Todd Snyder has some cool stuff.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Tips on how to master the style of HBO’s Succession?	labels:Be rich.	episode_done:True
text:From their post history (asking about mens' shoes), I'm seriously curious if they're a guy coming here to, I guess, tell us how many clothes we're supposed to own?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I bought a JE zip up hoodie. I also have Stone Island and Burberry hoodies, as well as American Apparel and other cheaper ones. I won't say spending $300+ (cad) on hoodies is smart, but the main difference I note is the cut. Comfort, like you said, isn't too different unless you get into cashmere, but the difference in cut and overall shape and sizing is much better. I definitely wanna get my hands on a Todd Snyder Champion hoodie though, that's right up my alley.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Saint Laurent Teddy Jacket [Review]: Is it Worth it?	labels:Maybe its just the angle of the photo, but id have to disagree that it elevates the fit more than a normal varsity jacket. It doesnt appear to have anything in particular that would make it stand out, especially not at that price point	episode_done:True
text:Happy 11/11 - the day that most resembles corduroy	labels:I had a pair of horizontal corduroy pants.... never seen them again  They were cool.	episode_done:True
text:Teach me how to successfully shop secondhand please!! Or just commiserate if it’s hard for you too lol.	labels:I'm very successful at online secondhand shopping since I search by my measurements on websites like eBay and etsy - like "x bust y waist" and then narrow it down by dress, sweater, fabric era, etc. I've found some lovely treasures that way!	episode_done:True
text:Help needed for buying jeans online! All advice is welcome!	labels:I always check the materials, if theyre stretchy I worry a lot less. Every site is different so make sure to check their size charts!!!	episode_done:True
text:Supreme Spring/Summer 2021	labels:Brb googling "Ippy Pop" so I can wear the shirts.
text:Tips for feeling confident when wearing stylish clothes around family?	labels:You gotta just start doing it. There’s a lot of things that change once you’re an adult, if the change is consistent and for the best generally people just accept it.	episode_done:True
text:Oh certainly, I think that’s absolutely true. I’m just super curious about people’s personal fashion journeys relating to the subject.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Good luck puma!  I'm at the same point with my wardrobe. I have all the basics covered and want to buy more cool shit, but cool shit is expensive. So I settle for shit that isn't as cool but still serves it's purpose, i.e. I have clark's wallabees instead of paraboots, uniqlo raws, and a lands end barn coat instead of a barbour. Of course I could just save up money to get the nicer shit that I really want, but that would mean copping less shit altogether which I was unwilling to do. Now I put myself on a jawn freeze to save up some money and practice some self control and patience.	labels:We’re in this together baybeeeeeeee	episode_done:True
text:clothes + art: random inspo	labels:Maketto! I've since moved away from DC, but I used to live in the neighborhood and Maketto was my favorite local spot. Cool vibes otherwise and I love Nam June Paik's work, too.	episode_done:True
text:Nick Wooster	labels:Grindelwald the style gawd	episode_done:True
text:and a lot of times you'll get coupons if you leave items in your cart but are willing to wait on it a bit	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Fur winter jacket with the chest exposed lmao. And a dangling gold chain	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 26, 2020	labels:Looking for brands with loose / baggy shoulder areas. I’ve been training at the gym on and off for a fair few years but recently I’ve been struggling to find comfortable fitting t shirts. I’m only 5 ‘10 with a slim waist but tend to wear L and XL t-shirts, the issue is that these tend to be too long for my body. Mediums fit my length well but are really tight everywhere else. Any suggestions? Cheers	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Naughty or Nice?	labels:Naughty fashion - Santa is begging me to wear clothes that aren't sweats. Wear the same 3 sizes too big sweatshirt 4 days a week, why not  Pls Fashion Santa I know I've been bad but bring me some gift cards? Maybe a capsule wardrobe? I'll be good I swear	episode_done:True
text:as a short person I never see any wool coats that fit me, I always look like two kids in a coat	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 11, 2020	labels:Hey I am looking for some jeans with some stretch.  I love levis 511 but they are a little too stiff with only 1% elastane.  Does anyone have any suggestions for similar style but with 2% or more elastane?  Just for reference, I have the 511 chinos that have 2% elastane and they are perfect.	episode_done:True
text:Review: Church's McPherson Brogue Derbies with Commando Soles	labels:Loooooove that grain. Love a good grainy shoe.	episode_done:True
text:Cuz pant with big leg go roll	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What pieces would you love "backups" of?	labels:This is pretty uninspired, but I have a lot of basics that I wish I had bought in duplicates, but didn't buy in duplicates, because I figured they were basics and I could always just get more.   Alas. The styles changed just a bit, and now I can't find the plain white tanks and tees I want because the sleeves and the neckline and the length are all just a tiny bit off. Thank you for reading along, this not-a-real-problem is very frustrating at times.
text:If I want to dress like Insert-Character-Here, where should I shop? Part 2	labels:Elizabeth Bennett or Mary Crawley, but make it a bit more modern	episode_done:True
text:Same, I think embracing looser fits is a nice change. RC typically does 25% off around Black Friday too.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Building a sense of style and finding joy in fashion during a pandemic?	labels:If your primary concern is quality, your best bet will always be buying secondhand. I can’t recommend it enough. I buy exclusively secondhand, and regularly find buy it for life quality items for less than $15. Focus on quality fabrics and construction, and get to know a few brands whose aesthetics and quality you like, and you’ll be set. With apps like Poshmark, it’s easier than ever to build a quality wardrobe for next to nothing - just learn your measurements so you can better approximate fit.	episode_done:True
text:US bans all cotton from China's Xinjiang region over forced labor concerns	labels:Is chocolate, vanilla, and other products we buy through salve labor going to get banned too? Or just this?	episode_done:True
text:Green has always been one of those designers that I vastly prefer seeing styled by people with other brands than seeing his collections on their own, he’s got some really cool individual pieces that work well with outfits but I feel you, I don’t think I’d call myself a fan of the CG aesthetic overall.  That said I think this is my favorite collection from him I’ve seen, most of the outerwear and fabrics are cool and I really love the colors they used	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 29, 2020	labels:Just finished Legend of Korra and it was really good. The first season was good, the second was meh, but seasons 3 and 4 were fantastic. I went into it super skeptical but I think it was a worthy successor to Avatar, although I don't think anything can top that show (it was the only TV series I followed as a kid and I've rewatched it a ton since).
text:The undershirts I can kinda explain, I think you probably need to buy better undershirts and question what you define as shabby, but still.   The shoes I’m struggling with, what on earth would you be doing to your shoes that they’d need to be replaced after 50 wears? Or what shoes are your even buying ? A lot of shoes are just finally being broken in properly at 50.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:My planner was probably one of my best purchases this year. It’s like the only thing that keeps me tethered to reality and all the things I need to do even if everything else is on fire.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 16, 2020	labels:This may be a strange question.  But I have found the best pair of sweat pants I have ever worn. Being a man with strange proportions it is extremely difficult to find pants that fit; I find myself using the same pair of sweatpants day in and day out and it's getting weird. Now, is there any possible way I could take the exact measurements and have some company or individual craft me a pair of sweatpants or any other kind of pant that are exactly the same size and shape of these pants I am wearing now? I would pay big bucks for this. Thanks.	episode_done:True
text:2020 Wardrobe Data Analysis	labels:I think this was a bad year to judge based off of since most of it was spent at home. you probably would’ve hit 30 wears on at least a few items if it had been a more normal year.
text:Dress Sneakers Are Alarmingly Popular	labels:Dress sneakers never look good for the intent that the wearer is going for and this is the hill I'm willing to die on.
text:I agree plenty of stuff is marked up and overpriced. I would never base my decision solely on whether or not it originally retailed higher. I just think it's a piece of useful information to be factored in. Plus, the more you know about the marketing the easier it is to avoid traps!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How to Make a Savile Row Suit: A Short Documentary from the Museum of Modern Art	labels:Ask Alexander McQueen	episode_done:True
text:Discussion: LGBTQIA+ Signaling, Presentation, and Commodification in Fashion	labels:I’m queer and get read as straight a lot, so clothing is a tool, albeit one I don’t always feel comfortable using.  The other thing for me is that I sometimes feel like my body is incompatible with queer fashion? I’m pretty fortunate to have a relatively “desirable” body, but I’m short and top-heavy, so I feel like the androgynous queer outfits I like are meant for people much more willowy than I am, the femme-er stuff is more feminine than I feel comfortable with, and the more masc stuff is too masc for me. So I default to just whatever I have that I like, which tends to read as straight, if not quite conventionally feminine and sort of sweater-heavy. And when I’ve leaned into what feels like queer fashion to me, other people tend not to read it that way.  Anyways this was kind of long but to actually answer your questions:  1) Yes I do, though at this point mostly in the form of jewelry and more recently hair 2) Sometimes it means signaling and sometimes it means wearing clothes that (joyously?)  reflect your authentic self even in defiance of cultural norms. I would probably be better off if I figured out which definition I want to define myself with  3) IMO sometimes the stereotypes are a way to signal because the media denies us representation and sometimes they exist because of the representation the media gives us. For people my age (20s) I think it’s more the latter  4) I always feel pressure to present gayer. I think impostor syndrome is common in minority groups and when the thing that makes you different isn’t immediately visible, it’s natural to want to either bury it or lean in and use it as a shield or a signal. I haven’t figured out what that means for me in practice, but the urge is there.	episode_done:True
text:Found (one of) the dead rat(s) under my oven and my hunger has been slightly alleviated, just in time for rat baking. Planning on:  * rat	labels:With ketchup	episode_done:True
text:[Inspiration] Sculptural Jewelry	labels:This is so cool. Love the first ring and the floral stuff.   I love jewelry (and have some wacky pieces) but man I wish it wasn’t so fucking expensive for cool shit. An eyeball ring from The Great Frog has been on my grail list for like 4 years but I can’t bring myself to drop a stack on a ring, ya know?
text:I should have clarified. There a ton of small businesses in my city, but I have to visit their sites one by one. Which takes forever. Is there a Nordstrom or Zara for buying local?	labels:> Is there a Nordstrom or Zara for buying local?  You mean is there a chain for shopping local? That doesn’t even make sense.	episode_done:True
text:You my friend, are hilarious.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Using Pinterest to Help Find Your Style (or: how to tell Pinterest it is no longer 2012)	labels:This is really helpful, and detailed. A lot of effort went into this! I am fascinated by how clear and organised your approach is.   I would use pinterest in a different manner more a style "mood board" than practical.      * So I might have events or things I am desiring (like a manifestation board). I desire to perform this year for example, so I have board for dancing style inspiration and a new board for each vision * Then I have a board for my "colours"; I am a Summer (cool season), so I have a board of colours and combinations that inspire me, such as baby blue and creamy white * I have boards with different themes, such as renaissance, vintage, exotic/seductive and in those boards I place pieces or photos that evoke those moods.	episode_done:True
text:As someone even shorter ---and I bet older--- I agree!  No clothing trick is going to make people think I'm 5'7" , or even 5'3" for that matter.  So what?  It's a weird thing to aspire to, sleight of hand or optical illusion or whatever you'd call it.	labels:Hear hear/here here!  Don't think it even ever occurred to me to try to look taller!	episode_done:True
text:* Uniqlo 'U' is a good place to start, fashionably oversized fits. * Learning to love yourself and making self-improvements at the margins where you have control will take time, but is essential. You'll never think you look good until you're comfortable with yourself. Take all the care and time you need.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 31, 2020	labels:Holy shit MF DOOM might be dead what the fuck?
text:Congratulations and Welcome to our New Moderators!	labels:Thanks, flav and wuz! MFA is in good hands.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - February 17, 2021	labels:How are underwear sizes measured?   Every year with Holiday money, I buy a few sets of high quality boxers on sale. My jean size is 33.5, my chino size is 38, so I get the ones that come up to size 42. Yet, somehow I always end up with one set wayyyy too tight. I’m not sure where I’m going wrong. I guess I should say I come from a family notorious for extremely wide hips and I also have massive quadriceps. But, I never thought that would factor in at all because I assumed companies would take that stuff into account.	episode_done:True
text:I love dusty pinks and mauves.  I cannot express how badly those colors look with my skin. I've had *strangers* ask me if I was ok because they assumed someone who resembled a corpse that much must be actually nearing death.   I love heels and very sleek business casual as well as what I can only call ho-fits. I have bad ankles fr from working on concrete floors too many hours, and take public transportation. It's too much of a risk I could sprain my ankle from how much I walk, and I can't afford another sprain. My office is not business casual or sleek, but a no fuss "just don't wear t-shirts with slogans or anything" type of place. I am decidedly over my ho phase, despite my continued love of the clothes.   My fantasy of wearing heeled booties with a structured fashion blazer over a mauve dress is not any less real just because I have the common sense to not go through with it.  Fashion fantasy is still a valid form of participation!	labels:>I love dusty pinks and mauves.  >I cannot express how badly those colors look with my skin. I've had strangers ask me if I was ok because they assumed someone who resembled a corpse that much must be actually nearing death.  My way around this is that over the past 12-8 months Athleta and Lululemon have had a lot of merchandise in these colors so now I have a bunch of athleisure leggings, joggers, and culottes in shades that would make me look dead if they were anywhere near my face but are okay below the waist.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 25	labels:Does anyone know of any stylish, simple face masks that have a “texture”? Almost like a quilted jacket type look is what I’m looking for. I’ve seen the vanguard mask which seems to have a bit of texture but I’m wanting something alittle more pronounced.
text:Every once in a	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do you dress for the (extreme) weather where you're from?	labels:Chicago here- Kenny from South Park, except in purple.
text:I own a small store. We’ve tried US made, organic, whatever... ultimately most people won’t pay the 3x premium for the same product, and that’s before the pandemic.	labels:That's cause people like to talk about how anti low-class work and anti-fast fashion they're but don't practice it in the slightest.
text:Nick Wooster	labels:This guy in a suit (Or in a coat like in images 8 and 9) looks like he could be John Wick's former enemy turned closest ally. Great style!	episode_done:True
text:Are Luxury Fashion Brands Becoming Like Fast Fashion?	labels:I'd say to some degree yes. Most fashion houses are rtw/couture first and accessories second. They dipped into the handbag and accessories market to make more money, but the real quality (and bread and butter) for most fashion houses is their rtw.   Chanel is in this weird spot where they're trying to outrun the secondhand market and regain the exclusivity they once had. They're trying to be Hermes but they could never be Hermes because Chanel is not known for their leather.   So yes, I think when it comes to handbags/SLGs/accessories most luxury houses are trying to put out the latest and greatest and kind of mimic fast fashion to some degree. They're appealing to a market that can't afford to become their regular clientele. The people whom they can't text when the latest $7000 tweed jacket is released each season and know that they can walk away with a $10,000+ sale. So brands are trying to push out the latest and greatest handbags, SLGs and shoes.   In terms of rtw, I do think the traditional fashion calendar is very fast paced, but several brands have said they will step away from the traditional calendar and cut it back down to 2-3 releases per year. It will be interesting to see what this means for S/S and F/W collections.   Commenting more on the handbag/accessories market:  I say this as someone is kind of handbag crazy, but I do wish people would do more research about the brands and bags they purchase. People assume that just because a bag is marked up it's handmade by an artisan who specializes in leather but that isn't the case for most brands.   If anyone is looking for Hermes alternatives I highly suggest Delvaux. Valextra and Moynat also have fantastic craftsmanship. But I bought my first box leather bag from Delvaux last year and it's on a completely different level from Chanel.
text:[NEWS]Yohji Yamamoto launches 2nd capsule collection with horror master Junji Ito	labels:i can't believe there isn't an ahegao hoodie but with all fucked up junji faces	episode_done:True
text:How does your makeup style and clothing style relate? - discussion	labels:I like to coordinate makeup with outfits or wear makeup that doesn’t match, but that compliments my outfit . I love makeup, especially lipstick so much. If I’m wearing a red dress generally I’ll also wear a red lip. I have a mustard yellow dress that I think looks amazing with an orangey-red lipstick I have. I have a light lavender/lilac coloured dress that I like to wear a plumb lipstick with or a lilac coloured eyeshadow. If I’m going for a more neutral look I do beige or pink eyeshadow and a nude lipstick. I also think white tops and dresses look really good with red or bright pink lipstick.	episode_done:True
text:The best running shorts — 12 pairs tested (full post in comments)	labels:Patagonia Nine Trails. I love the zipper pockets.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 21, 2020	labels:Hi gang,  Thanks for a largely good and positive year here! However, I find I really need to take a break from reddit/social media especially just prior to the holidays as it's far too easy to come across a story or comment that just destroys my mood. I'd rather be present for my family.  Hope you all are able to enjoy the holidays in your own way, that you stay safe and healthy, and that we all have a much better 2021!  Best,  Met
text:How to shop ThredUp and avoid the junk?	labels:I literally dropped off 3 big bags of clothes in the diabetes box two weeks ago. :( Wish I had known about the cleanout kit at that time. Now my closet and my pockets are empty haha	episode_done:True
text:Top of WAYWT - December 2020	labels:u/mlsteinrochester is a lord. That's it.	episode_done:True
text:What's your fashion tragedy?	labels:I spent like two months investing in a bunch of nice wool sweaters that I could wear through the winter, put them in a separate laundry bin after wearing so I could launder them myself, but my ex washed and dried them on high heat and they all shrunk so badly that I couldn't even fit them on my dog. About $1500 gone.
text:Thoughts on jumpsuits?	labels:I drink water constantly and a few cups of tea a day so anything that is that difficult to take off is a no for me unfortunately.
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Pacific Northwest Style	labels:when you spend hundred and hundred of dollars to look like you shop at good will  NAILED IT  &#x200B;  cept mariners guy, those shorts are lit af
text:How do you tell when discounted items were never full price?	labels:Everything’s always overpriced to get you to buy it on sale. It’s all psychological!	episode_done:True
text:A Vontade Fall/Winter 2020	labels:Man they really want us all to be dressing like dorks this season.	episode_done:True
text:Yearly Aesthetic Goal Setting	labels:Very cool! I hadn't heard of that board shuffling tool but that's really handy, I miss my old pins and it's fun to see what I was into 4 years ago. Glad I inspired you to do this! I should probably update my boards as I've gone from office work to lockdown mode and now going back to school.	episode_done:True
text:Marilyn Monroe: Casual Style and Dressing for Men	labels:The mod team went back and forth on the question of whether meaningful discussion as a result of this post would outweigh the harmful messages of the "article."  Ultimately, we decided that the users of this sub are free to discuss these topics, but we feel as though it's important to note that the views expressed in the "article" are not views we want to promote on this subreddit.   2020 might be a real shitshow, but thank fucking god it's not 1952.  "Part of being a woman is the desire to please a man, a very important part" is the dumbest shit I have ever heard, and I just listened to a press conference being held at The Four Seasons Total Landscaping. You can respect Marilyn Monroe's role in history and like her style and still acknowledge that this is a sexist point of view that reduces the experience and value of women to their relationship with men's pleasure.   Also, as a subreddit, we do not prescribe to the belief that womanliness is tied to a certain type of body. A woman's body is womanly by nature of being the body of a woman.   We have allowed this thread because the discussion of dressing for the male gaze is one that is still relevant in 2020, but we want to be absolutely clear that the mod team finds the views expressed in this article to be out of touch with the current era and demeaning to women.
text:Shitpost Saturday: Thoughts and Prayers	labels:Flower crowns and sneakers.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 08, 2021	labels:So where I work they have added a new rule that we aren't allowed to wear anything with branding on it and that coats and jackets and the like have to be black or dark gray, so now I'm looking for a black zip up hoodie that's not uncomfortable to wear and is somewhat loose since I'll be unloading trucks. I prefer thinner jackets because I go back and forth between the kitchen and the freezer quite often. Any recommendations?	episode_done:True
text:Honestly, the idea of so much hassle in order to pee really deters me even though I like the look. Would feel also pretty awkward in a public toilet stall	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Maybe I will! I just don’t want to be eviscerated lol	labels:Hah. Fair enough - they toe the line.	episode_done:True
text:Kibbe System and Body Inclusivity	labels:I have negative associations with it because 99% of the time "red pill women" (or other women with deep issues) are the ones saying good things about it.  When I hear "Kibbe" I immediately think "red pill".
text:Yes! I love uniqlo's' merino wool sweaters for an inexpensive, nice wool sweater. They will shrink a bit though so watch out. They also have inexpensive turtlenecks if you want to try that look out.  I live in Seattle so it's not super cold here, but I still love wearing wool socks and lightweight wool sweaters.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The person I follow on IG (cheapchicfinds) is posting daily Walmart or target outfits and tagging them but it doesn’t say sponsored. I’m sure she’s gotta be getting something though.  When I check a bachelor celebrity’s page for example, I clearly see the “sponsored by.”   I’ve seen some great vintage George stuff on Poshmark and thredUP too!	labels:In the early 2000s there was a show called "Look for Less" that was basically recreate this celebrity outfit with clothing from Walmart/Target/TJ Maxx/Burlington Coat Factory. It was a big old ad for discounts.	episode_done:True
text:Good quality and functional messenger bags	labels:OrbitGear would be an absolutely incredible option, but probably wouldn't fit most styles. I come from the techwear side of things where these are common haha	episode_done:True
text:Style Lessons from Male-Presenting People: An Inspo Album	labels:God, these are so good. I love the diversity, not just because it's something we *should* do but also because so many different skin tones, body shapes, and fashion tastes make for a much richer, more inspiring album. Some appeal to me more than others, and that's kind of the point: A little simply beautiful, a little challenging. Great work.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 05	labels:Still really enjoyed reading the fit pic technique thread despite not knowing half the words and taking fit pics with my phone's front facing camera on a timer
text:i want to like schott so much. but i agree. they usually don't fit right.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Viberg Natural Shell & Grey Kangaroo - A quick update & pictures.	labels:Are these samples? The toebox and shaft height looks different on each pair
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 19, 2020	labels:What kind of style is the fourth man from the left in the subreddit header, on computer, wearing? The one in all black.
text:The mental image of rappers with toddler clothing is golden! 😂	labels:	episode_done:True
text:US bans all cotton from China's Xinjiang region over forced labor concerns	labels:Good.	episode_done:True
text:If you like ______, you might like ______.	labels:Here’s a cheaper one!  I’d you like Madewell, you might like Universal Thread (Target).
text:What’s your opinion on (modern) 90s-inspired fashion?	labels:I'm waiting until we get to the part of the baggy jeans trend when people learn about the ripped, soggy backs of their pant legs that come from the jeans dragging on the ground. Enough of that this time around and the trend will cycle to something else.  signed,  someone who dealt with many, many ripped jean legs.
text:No turning back now!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 26	labels:Quarantine ultra depression is creepin its way back folks. I think the realization that there won’t be sports after tomorrow or Wednesday has finally set in, which has been all I’ve looked forward to for the past couple months. I gotta take up learning the guitar or something or I’m just gonna fucking lose it. Does anyone have recommendations got learning to play online?
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 26, 2020	labels:Anyone have any recommendations for warm sweaters that aren't wool or any type of fur? I've looked through the different wiki threads, but am having trouble finding anything without wool that looks like it would be warm. No budget limit, thanks for any help y'all can provide.	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Fashion is dead. This is now a house plant subreddit.	labels:Surely you don’t buy *new* houseplants?  Ugh. I only thrift.   SRS now that it’s autumn my 8-year-old suddenly wants to grow things from seed. The house is littered with random cups and bowls filled with very wet dirt and whatever dry beans he could find in the kitchen. 😆
text:General Discussion - November 21, 2020	labels:What’s with all the corduroy all of the sudden.
text:The MFA Fall 2020 Fit Battle	labels:keep on trucking beard guy!	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- November 04	labels:Hello friends!  I am looking to find a distributor for Comfort Colors in Canada but unfortunately the only spot I can seem to find individual shirts for purchase is Amazon.ca.  Does anyone know of any website or distributors shipping these to Canada?  Thank you!
text:The best sweatpants — 11 pairs tested (full post in comments)	labels:Sleeping on Lands End serious sweats.	episode_done:True
text:What are your favourite ways to style a black leather moto jacket?	labels:Congrats! I love my leather jacket to death, you'll get such great use out of yours!  I like pairing mine with a really minimal white tee and jeans look with a red lipstick, which looks really simple and classic , or with a black fitted pencil skirt for a work-but-make-it-badass look.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 15, 2020	labels:Love that feeling when your grailed listing hits 100 likes but you still have no offers :')
text:General Discussion - December 02, 2020	labels:Spotify basically confirmed to me that I don’t have any taste in music. Apparently I listened to over 400 different genres. Listened to the same song 300 times in three days (I remember writing a 15000 word paper from scratch that week). I do tend to use music for its psychoactive properties more than anything else.  Fashion: my partner noted that most of the stuff I bought this summer looks like stuff they still own from 10 years ago. Checks out.
text:General Discussion - December 29, 2020	labels:about to have the "I'm just not a one PAIR OF loafers kinda guy" talk with my longterm pair
text:My Wardrobe Post: Based on what I currently have, what should I wear with what? And an essay reflecting on learning to dress better.	labels:Really liking this post.  May I ask if your Asket sweater is merino or cashmere? I am considering buying merino one myself, overall had very good experience with Asket.	episode_done:True
text:Yep, Lookastic is good for this too.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Recent Purchases - December 16, 2020	labels:Let's hear those christmas gifts y'all got too. Especially interested in any pickups for significant others (female), I'm looking for last minute ideas due to a change up in plans!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 05, 2020	labels:Hey guys, I'm 5 foot 7, 165 lbs. I have a rounder stomach. I'm looking for good fitting t shirts. A gildan large fits me well in shoulders, waist, and chest however it's just a couple inches too long. Is there any way I can find shorter t shirts but still in large proportions? Is this something a tailor could fix?
text:### Shearling Jackets	labels:	episode_done:True
text:These were shot by  Shoichi Aoki! Found em on an online magazine	labels:	episode_done:True
text:>and bubble necklaces were all the range.  I hate that you reminded me of those horrible bubble monstrosities	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Inspo: From the BIPOC Owned Small Business Thread	labels:I love the curated album! It’s a great way to see a snapshot of the brands in the threat without being overwhelmed. That plaid maxi dress from Zurri is incredibly tempting..	episode_done:True
text:Lugged boot trend	labels:I like the aesthetic, but in my experience really heavy boots give me knee pain. I can't spend all day trotting around London with very heavy boots on - even Doc Martins will be uncomfortable by a few hours.  I want to get into more of a victorian/lace-up/witchy boot this winter.	episode_done:True
text:yes, the inventory and all sizes is why I shop online. It's also easy to browse and filter and see the outfit on a person before trying on	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are you most comfortable clothing items (cute or not)?	labels:I've got these super soft house dresses that are apparently made from chenille. They're so fluffy and kinda feel like bath robes (I also bought my first pink fluffy bath robe, which is amazing as well!). It's as if you're wrapped in clouds <3	episode_done:True
text:Buy/Sell/Trade - November 2020	labels:Can you list anything? Or does it have to be fashion and accessories?
text:This is really good advice. I never saw myself buying luxury but this has put it into a perspective that makes a lot more sense to me.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Totally.  To me, Gen Z is a lot of clothing that isn’t work appropriate but super fun. A lot of crop tops, bra tops, spaghetti straps, usually some tummy showing, and then some baggy pants. Lots of thrifting and also cheap fast fashion. Doc Martens and other platform shoes. Very 90s/early 2000s. Long acrylic nails, false lashes. Really fun and can be a really “hot but trashy” style   Millennial fashion is more professional/better quality/structured. Linens, trousers, heels, sandals, etc. Frankly I think it has to do with millennials having more money. Low key hair, nails and makeup. Neutral colours and patterns. It’s a more mature style   I’m 25 so I get to do both 😎 woohoo	labels:As soon as Gen Z get a job they'll be all over trousers and linens lol. Gen Z right are mostly teenagers and young 20s, they can afford (socially, not money wise) to dress fun and crazy. The youngest millenials now are 25/26, working people with jobs like me :(	episode_done:True
text:Nice!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:You know how audiophiles all make jokes about how meaningless the terms used to describe sound are because sound is so hard to define in that way? Same thing here, “warm” and “cold” are very loose terms that probably mean something a little different to everyone.   I can see the argument for grey and cream being cold, brown can be warm or cold depending on the shade, not sure if I’d agree with black.	labels:Welllll... he answered me on instagram, and it seems like he *was* talking about "cool" in the more common sense, but also meant to imply unsaturated / whatever, and that part was more important... And again, he didn't really express that part.
text:Does anyone else use a “formula” to create their outfits?	labels:Some of mine in no particular order; I don't think about it all the time but my dressing habits are based around this:   * No more than 3 colours (I don't wear much black and have a lot of different neutrals, so I have to be aware of this). * Try to have something more interesting than just a crew neck sweater + pants. I am so guilty of falling into this when I get lazy.  * Don't wear the same colour pants and coat. People can probably pull this off no problem but it is something I avoid for some reason.  * Like someone else said, for tops and bottoms no tight/tight or loose/loose. I just don't feel comfortable that way. I feel better when I emphasize either my waist or my hips.  * Only wear 1 uncomfortable item at a time. Ideally you would have no uncomfortable items but unfortunately I have a few pieces that I am not willing to get rid of. If I wear them all at once it's like I am crawling in my own skin, so I try to be aware of this when I dress to leave the house.	episode_done:True
text:How do you guys work towards avoiding fast fashion?	labels:second hand shops, indie stores, stores owned by indigenous/native peoples, or just sew up the holes and buy some nice pieces that could be worn everyday with anything. classic looks never go out of style, and if you get a good coat that goes with everything, you can wear the same outfits all year and just change up the outerwear and layer	episode_done:True
text:yeah the camosun might have been a slightly better fit for me. I am pretty happy with my radsten anyway, but wouldn't go any colder with it then the weather in vienna rn. When ordering I was afraid that the camosun would be too warm, which I think it could also very well be. So I chose the one where I thought that it would maybe be a bit too cold instead of too warm and having to sweat. I think that I might pick up a good fleece or thermal underlayer and that should do the trick for the cold days. :)	labels:That's a really good point!  I only start to wear the camosun around 0 degrees and have other lighter coats for above that. Really depends on what your needs are, since winter in Canada can get a bit more extreme than austria.
text:I never got this one. Unless one or the other metal is just ugly on its own, I don't think mixing metals even looks weird, let alone bad. You can have a nice balance like with anything else multicolored.	labels:It also is weird if you’re engaged or married. Like “oh sorry my ring is silver guess I’ll give up gold for life.”
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 16, 2021	labels:looking for a good waffle henley that is comfortable and fits well. the more waffley/slubby the better	episode_done:True
text:Sweatshirt: I'm shocked by my purchasing decision from yesterday and needed to share	labels:Should have checked richer and poorer ... they had a pink this shade	episode_done:True
text:Derek Guy: The Crown’s ‘Balmoral Test’ Barbours Are Not Just Jackets	labels:Its a wonderful jacket, a Barbour. There are nicer ones, but I've got a second hand one that's about twice as old as I am that's still going, and really quite warm. Its even got steel rods along the edges of the pocket so you can lock them together and make a little satchel for shotgun cartridges. I'm not into that shite but it's a lovely little feature to still be working after 50+ years	episode_done:True
text:When you know it's such a bad decision you're roasting your own purchase	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Why I’ve tracked every single piece of clothing I’ve worn for three years	labels:Who in the fuck needs 55 undershirts at one time?! I feel like I'm bordering on excessive at only 10.
text:Experimenting With Different Focal Lengths & Landscape || Portrait	labels:70 is best in both cases imo, which is certainly the objective decision for a portrait focal length. 50 is fine, And tbh I’ve take portraits I’m personally proud of on a 35mm full frame and 45mm equivalent on medium format film (actual lens focal length is 75mm) so it is certainly doable. I saw you’re on the Sony a7iii and if you want a portrait lens, the 85mm f1.8 is insanely good and not terribly expensive all things considered. I don’t do much digital shooting but I absolutely love the results of that lens. I’m usually real lazy and just use my phone, if I set up my camera I just use the kit lens set to 28mm bc I don’t have enough room in my apartment to use anything more.
text:How do you challenge yourself?	labels:I recently bought a pair of pink suede heels and I’m gonna wear them when going out some day. I’ve been wearing sneakers every day for years so it feels a little scary	episode_done:True
text:What materials are worth paying more for? What equals quality?	labels:It's pretty hard to discern quality online, which is why I generally avoid online shopping for clothes. But I know that's not helpful advice, especially right now, lol. When I do buy clothes online, I make it a point to look at the reviews. If they're allowed to post photos, you get a better idea of what the item really looks like. Keep an eye out for common issues, are there multiple reviews complaining about the fabric being sheer, or the stitching being flimsy?	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Beauty is Pain	labels:In an effort to placate the fashion Goddess and purge my previous fashion sins, I flagellate myself with items most aligned to Her image. Only the trendiest items will do; thin vegan leather belts, bolo ties and of course, minimalist gold chain necklaces. I finish with a traditional walk down a Victoria Secret esque catwalk in itchy lace lingerie that prisoners made, stilettos designed by men, a wing harness nobody is going to wear while chanting No pain no gain!	episode_done:True
text:+J/UNIQLO SPECIAL COLLABORATION: What’s the verdict?	labels:I have a black cardigan -- its thin, hangs nicely both open and closed, pockets lined with maroon (same material), good layering piece. I like it.  And the leather rope belt. Oddly enough in a collection that runs large, this could have used being a bit longer. If you double it up, there isn't much length left after having knotted it. It looks a bit as if I'm using electrical cable to hold up my jeans but I think it's cool.
text:What do you like, fashion-wise, about loose-fitting clothing?	labels:I totally understand your mental block—I’m in the same boat! I recently started following Amy Smilovic on Instagram (founder of Tibi). She talks a ton about how “flattering” isn’t worth making your decisions on! I’ve found her view really refreshing. You might enjoy it as well!	episode_done:True
text:We are in a post fashion world so it depends on your aesthetic.   Workwear? Redwing and  pacific northwest makers. SLP style? Wyatts and what not. Basic Bastard? CDB are still fine and checkout Thursday.   The Alden Indy still rules them all	labels:	episode_done:True
text:To me a shrug is something you can literally shrug on/off. So often no arms and definitely not something you'd have to pull over your head. Searching for shrugs brings up a lot of evening wear (faux fur type things) and maybe some mini cardigan types that don't button closed.   A bolero would be a jacket or something that's more like a proper item. It closes properly and it's harder to put on/off. As someone with a short torso I often find bolero jackets fit me a lot better. I think the ones in OP's album would fall under bolero to me.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Recent Purchases - January 06, 2021	labels:Lululemon Commission Pants 1/10. They might have been the worst looking pants I ever saw. Sad I was pretty hyped for them.	episode_done:True
text:What's on your 2021 fashion wishlist?	labels:I used to have a more preppy/minimalist style but these last two months or so I’ve been really getting into the more “Tik tok” sporty Rihanna vibe with big sweatshirts and biker shorts and things like that. I always felt like that wasn’t me and it didn’t fit my more big busted body type. But I just took a job where I’m WFH most of the time and going into the office occasionally and I can wear whatever I want. So I’m excited to explore!!!	episode_done:True
text:> Is this sub populated by teenage incels overnight?  Yes, it's a constant problem :|	labels:	episode_done:True
text:should be fixed now, sorry about that	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Relatable content	labels:basically me
text:What is your favorite clothing/accessories subscription box?	labels:Check out ear fleek ladies! You get earrings monthly for about $4 a month and you pick your style or random. For this price.....I'll love the ones I don't really love or just gift them. I've only gotten three pairs but I really like them so far and got compliments. The packaging they arrive in is super cute. Also subscriber to IPSY and BIRCHBOX.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Thank you so much for sharing this.  I grew up in Mumbai. And I never knew what was handloom fabrics till 2 years ago.  Ever since I have access to handloom/handmade fabric, I always prefer that. What companies label as 100% cotton/linen does have chemicals and a slight synthetic feel compared to the handloom fabrics. But I have come across certain machine made fabrics which are so comfortable that I'd want to wear it even if they are old or torn. They just get better with time.  I'm exploring if and how to take natural handloom clothes to masses. In a sustainable way. Economically and environmentally.  Thank you so much for sharing the brand's with me 🙏	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 13, 2020	labels:What do all of the acronyms mean?	episode_done:True
text:Merry Christmas and happy holidays to the /r/MaleFashionAdvice community!	labels:Break out the cardigans and the black watch tartan, it's the holidays!	episode_done:True
text:I got an eskimo hoodie for xmas from my husband. It enables my pyjama-wearing.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I missed the joke, can you explain to me please?	labels:Here in the UK Fred Perry polos have a reputation for being the football hooligans choice of attire.
text:Who else has sensory issues that has figured out ways to not dress boring?	labels:ADHD pal here. I have also fallen prey to the "it was fine when I tried it on, but now I'm at the office and it is torture" paradigm. I have had to force myself not to compromise and to trust my gut, first off. If it doesn't feel good between my fingers, it doesn't even make it to the fitting room.   When I find something that works for me, I buy up as many as I can in different patterns and colors. This goes for jeans, trousers, tops, etc. - I own like 7 St. John's Bay long-sleeved mock necks because I KNOW I can always depend on them in the fall and winter. I also really like a specific cut of Banana Republic pants. Poshmark is great for this, but I also just keep an eye out whenever I stop into a thrift store. I know that I prefer soft, drapey fabrics, tops with looser midsections (none of those wide-banded bubble top things), and high-waisted pants (just as a few examples). It has taken a while to be able to consciously name and identify those qualities, but now that I have, shopping is getting easier and more successful.   Learning a few quick hand-sewing alteration skills is also helpful. I can choose a top a size too large and then take it in where needed so that it still fits and flatters but doesn't restrict where it would cause discomfort, or I can do the same with a pair of pants (I often size up and then take in the waistband).  I think it's just a lot of trial and error plus not being afraid to develop a uniform of key foundational pieces that you know you can depend on building an outfit/wardrobe around. Accessories can also go a long way toward breaking up the superhero/cartoon character monotony - belts, scarves, earrings, necklaces, headbands, hats, etc. can all really change up a look (depending on which of those do or don't work for you and your sensitivities).
text:So uh, what’s the trends for fall this year?	labels:im seeing lots of argyle, sweater vests, and pleated skirts! also seeing lots of huge sweatpants in streetwear styles  dark+light academia seems to be the popular aesthetic tbh
text:All these gah damn metrosexuals cruisin around town in my gah damn boots!!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are your fashion tips for looking good on Zoom?	labels:Two words: Ring light 💖	episode_done:True
text:/u/thisishirokisamerica	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Most certainly	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Natural Fibres	labels:Not a brand, but I use depop and vestiare collective quite a lot to find nice items in good materials for discounted prices. Might work for you as well, just make sure you get a picture of the label stating fabric composition.	episode_done:True
text:Can we make a thread of everyone posting their all time favorite Halloween costume they wore? 🎃👻	labels:Does it have to be recent? Because my greatest costume ever was going as the Ghost of Christmas Future in Scrooged. My dad and I built this huge 7 foot tall costume and I wore it on my shoulders and a football helmet on my head to support it. My face was painted to look like one of the faces in the rotting stomach. I was maybe 12-13 years old when that movie came out. I got so much candy that year.	episode_done:True
text:All the time especially when I'm	labels:	episode_done:True
text:On Wednesdays We Wear Pink	labels:This is an excellent album, bravo! You gotta check out Jodie comer’s iconic outfit from killing eve S1, pink tulle dress w black combat boots.	episode_done:True
text:Get some pedialyte and chicken soup G! My buddy got the vaccine last month and he had bad symptoms for 3-4 days.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Brand MegaReview: Asket | February 6, 2021	labels:I find the fit to be quite loose on asket. I’m 6’1 and 195 and swim in the large regular. I haven’t been a medium since probably eighth grade, but I may try again with the medium long fit.	episode_done:True
text:I’m sorry. I’m sure you make the store look really nice with what you have available.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Suit Supply is popular for entry level suits at that price range.	labels:Thank you, I'll take a look!	episode_done:True
text:What’s a fashion rule you defy (dressing for your shape, weird color combos, interesting silhouettes etc) that you just love?	labels:Oversized on oversized. Lately i like pairing oversized shackets with wide leg or baggy jeans. Maybe it overwhelms my frame but I think it’s cool. Maybe I just look like a bag woman.
text:Maybe hitting them economically will be enough impetus to change things but just know, cheap labour is not the only reason they are doing this. One country, one party, one people is the motto. The CCP believes that diversity breeds dissent, I think they will continue this genocide regardless of profits.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:When is a garment worth it to you?	labels:My rule is, if i want it and can afford it and there aren't affordable alternatives, do it. Especially if its a brand that seasonally changes their lineups.	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for that very thorough summary. How did you manage to snag so many pieces???	labels:i live in NYC and i popped in to the soho flagship last sunday!  they were sold out of most of the popular items (no silk bow blouse, and xs-m sizes of most outerwear and blazers) but i managed to snag a few of the last size M pieces i had missed out on online. (i only managed to get the hybrid down coat online)
text:Is black tie comfort fashion a thing?	labels:Yes I call it formal pajamas. Brands like Johnny Was, Citron Santa Monica, and Eileen Fisher (her silk, velvet, and silk georgette). Plus the $$$ designer versions of these. A draped  band collar top in a brocade, and matching loose pants isn't quite black tie but it is formal!   For absolute black tie, I'd say maybe...Donna Karan Urban Zen + major jewelry. something like that. Like a full length avant guarde kaftan in shockingly expensive silk with shibori tie dye or something.  However perfectly fitted vintage clothing + sensitive skin likely isn't happening.   But you can translate aspects of that to your style---like for example you can get a full length ruched parachute silk skirt with granny boots and a draped lace top + a "mourning coat" for a funky "Magnolia Pearl" lagenlook formal style.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - February 16, 2021	labels:Socks with the same thickness as Uniqlo Heattech?	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 18, 2021	labels:Any place to find a plain black FITTED cap? I have a size 7 7/8 or 8 head, and I can only find one-size or flex caps. Even XXXL flex caps don't fit well on me. I want one that is not flex/stretch, but rather a plain (preferably no logos or brands visible) fitted baseball cap.  Any leads would be appreciated. Thanks!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 27, 2020	labels:I think my least favorite reddit-ism is posting something like “Can we talk about... XXX”   The tone of that kind of post just grates on my brain
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 16, 2021	labels:How can I tell if a shirt is an OCBD or some other type of button down? I have several button down shirts, mostly from J. Crew and Banana Republic. Only one of them (from J. Crew) has a label that actually says it’s an Oxford, but I have a couple other J. Crew shirts made out of a material that feels exactly the same, but they don’t say Oxford on them. I also have a few other shirts that look the same but the material feels different. The labels say their material composition (like 98% cotton 2% elastane for example) but not what type of cotton it is.	episode_done:True
text:MFA Style Starter Packs - User edition	labels:Junky Susan  - jacket  - coat  - liner  - outerwear  - whoops left my head at home  - pants  - 16 additional different-colored pockets  - sleek white shoes?  - image compression  - monke  - i am actually the main contributor to Genius.com	episode_done:True
text:I'm not surprised tbh - I don't feel like the luxury market (and de facto the sample sale market) has really fully picked back up yet. Outside of LV/Hermes/Dior on Bond Street, the other stores are dead - I've had better customer service in the past 2 months than I did for the entire year before that since the stores are empty. But the high street stores are rammed on the weekends!   I feel like the brands that I'm looking for haven't done sample sales yet either...fingers crossed for some this fall, but idk.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Southern hemisphere ladies where do you get inspo from?	labels:LA based fashion people tbh for ideas, trends, sillouhettes. They have a similar climate to where I am in Australia, like warm all year round.
text:What’s your everyday purse?	labels:I do a capsule wardrobe and typically keep these purse types out and ready for action, I just swap out which one based on the wardrobe's color scheme so I can spend time with all my bags :)   A black minimalist "hobo bag" for errand running or going to a friend's house. It's split into two sides with several small pockets. Holds a water bottle, my iPad, fidget toys, phone wallet keys or and some reusable grocery bags with room to spare. Could hold a laptop. This is the bag things can get lost in. I could use it for an overnight trip if I really needed to. It's the biggest purse I've owned in a long time, but I'm really loving it.   A mini backpack for bike riding days or hiking with friends. Has a mesh pocket inside and can hold phone wallet keys a sandwich and headphones. Athletic type material. I have this in black, beige and fuschia.   A canvas satchel/messenger bag for doctor's office type visits where I'll have to wait or errands that need less stuff brought along. Has a few compartments and can fit my iPad, kindle or an 8x5 book with phone wallet keys, lotion, probably some makeup if needed. I have this in brown, purple and charcoal because it's such a good bag.   A small black pleather half-moon crossbody with gold accents for quick stuff like the gas station, taking a walk or some type of event where I have to look nice. I have a similar green one and a Togepi one that can be swapped out, but I love this one the most.  I talk too much. Yay. If anyone reads this lmk if you want a link to any of these.	episode_done:True
text:Stockings vs Tights vs Leggings	labels:I wear leggings, tights always run from rubbing against my boots but at least with leggings I can just shave the pills off. I get jersey ones and it doesn't feel like I'm wearing anything at all, and since they're pretty roomy they don't slip down. The bathroom situation is kinda annoying but I'd have to do that anyway if I wore pants.	episode_done:True
text:Canadian Tuxedo: A Denim-On-Denim Inspo Album	labels:I thought this was a sh!tpost at first and I'm hoping its not and that I'm not making a fool of myself by admiring it, lol.  This is an amazing album!!! Love the amazing range and inclusivity of styles and shapes and colors and EVERYTHING.  I love that some of these styles are very deliberate and polished, especially one of the first ones with the girl with yellow heels, a stellar high bun, and the cropped twisted top. I'm equally a fan of the sweatshirt/jean vest jacket, relaxed fit bottoms, and sneakers. I feel like I could pull that off on my 90s grunge throwback days. I already have all those silhouettes. I'm unsure if I could pull off the double/triple denim in the more fitted pieces.	episode_done:True
text:Are your glasses part of your style?	labels:Yes, absolutely. My glasses are an important part of my style because I have to wear them all day every day. I only have one pair, they suit me really well and they're very much part of my look~	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 08, 2021	labels:Just wanted to say that every time I saw an item I liked on inspiration albums and asked for ID here, the item was like over $500 and the "cheap" alternative somthing like 200-300$.   As someone  whose budget is not even close to that (I've always bought 40$ pants, 70-80$ shoes and max 100$ jackets) knowing this it's quite depressing
text:Does Anyone Ever Feel Like It’s Hard to Find Basic Clothing Items That Were Plentiful in the Past?	labels:I don't know if I'd consider a velvet dress a basic item.  My basic item is a good quality fitted tee and tank.  Old Navy used to be the place to buy these things but their quality has gone downhill a lot.  I just want a tee or tank that is good for layering, but is not so sheer that I can't wear it alone.  Is something made with fabric heavier than tissue paper too much to ask?  (And by fitted, I don't mean the Everlane oversized/boxy fit.  If I wanted that, I'd shop in the men's section.)
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 09, 2020	labels:I live in NYC and want a parka I can throw on easily and be warm. Should I get the Fjallraven Singi Down parka in olive or a Canada Goose?
text:Same! I’ve been looking for so long! Can’t find anything I like.:(	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Levis premium 501 high rise skinny (99% cotton with the button fly) - the cut for this season is more straight than truly skinny despite the name. I picked up 3 pairs in the sales recently. Immediately trying them on they look a bit loose in the lower leg and a bit tight in the hip & thigh but after wearing for one day they've relaxed and conformed to my body and look perfect. I do advise sizing down - the size chart said 28 for me but I had to exchange for 25 (25" is my actual waist size if that helps).	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Outdoor/athletic brands the worst for this. I swear I walk into REI and the men's side is all navy, forest green, and grey, and the women's side looks like the Barbie store with bright pink, teal, and lime green everywhere. I don't even hate those colors but some other choices would be nice.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Yearly Aesthetic Goal Setting	labels:I do something sort of similar! I make mood boards with pictures i save from all over the place, ocassionally with a quote thrown in there :) I'll have to try it for more aspects than just fashion!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 07, 2020	labels:Some wholesome news. My partner and I are getting increasingly serious about getting married and I thought before moving forward I should "come out" as NB, make sure they would be okay if I'd make this a salient part of my public persona etc. Their answer was "duh, like I don't know that".  Our nups will be *toit*.  edit: thanks all :)  edit: also thanks all who asked about pronouns etc. I am A-ok with male pronouns, "dude", "my man" etc.
text:this is my first time purchasing from everlane, so i'm excited to see what i think once my order arrives!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Corduroy	labels:I expected discussion about a bear.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 20, 2020	labels:Might fuck around and start a Wu-Tang Clan cover group called Wide-Fit Clan where I make every lyric about killing slim-fit wearers
text:What's your fashion tragedy?	labels:I spent like two months investing in a bunch of nice wool sweaters that I could wear through the winter, put them in a separate laundry bin after wearing so I could launder them myself, but my ex washed and dried them on high heat and they all shrunk so badly that I couldn't even fit them on my dog. About $1500 gone.
text:Those of you who, like me, don't have a closet (sob).. how do you organize your clothing/shoes/accessories/jewelry?	labels:Right now I have a basic garment rack with a shoji screen in front of it. It's my way of trying to class up my room a bit.	episode_done:True
text:Prada FW21 Menswear (Miuccia Prada and Raf Simons)	labels:I must say I'm pleasantly surprised. I definitely see the DNA from Raf Simons shining through the garments while staying in line with the identity of Prada. I really have a good feeling about this collaboration and time will tell how it turns out.   The collection looks good; I like the silhouettes, the patterns, colours, next to the trousers and jackets (even the rolled-up sleeves; love it!). I do agree with BuscapefromCCD about the onesies/long johns; don't care for them as well.      It's nice to watch this video 'till the end with the interviews from Miuccia and Raf (Miuccia is such a charming lady)	episode_done:True
text:Terrible and inapplicable response. This isn’t canceling an order he placed. This is canceling an order he was told didn’t go through. In other words, getting Fila to correct an error it made. It isn’t even a situation where the cancellation policy really applies.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do I feel sexy at home in winter?	labels:matching bra and panties. it works wonders. I do this in the summer too (on summer bra days, which with boob sweat there are not many). when I buy a new bra, I typically get 2-3 coordinating panties in different styles so I have some options, and then put them together under all my clothes. I swear there's a posture change when I'm wearing ratty underclothes vs nice ones. even if no one sees it, I know it's there.
text:6 fits all featuring cumshorts	labels:Totally misread that initially.	episode_done:True
text:Feeling self-conscious with changing style around family - anyone relate? Tips?	labels:After a few times seeing you with your new style your family will get used to it. You might face some comments at first – trust me, I know about family members who just HAVE to comment on every little change. But once you get past the first few initial comments it'll become the norm for them.	episode_done:True
text:From Runway to reddit: Ready-to-Wear Purchasing and the Fashion Calendar Explained	labels:Yessssssssss this is awesome! I'm so here for fashion content that speaks to the industry itself. Do you work in fashion?
text:Seems size 6 is a 50/50 size for a lot of people given the standard size is made for bigger feet. I have a few friends that wear a US size 6 and it's basically split down the middle between if they'll find the same shoe comfortable or not.  One of my friends revealed that she is SUPER flat footed so, even 2 inch heels can give her problems as a result even if it's a thick heel or a wedge style. Some of them were also just buying low quality shoes since they didn't want to spend a lot of money and then when they got better quality pairs, their shoes hurt far less. Quality definitely matters a lot.  Something as simple as the incline (outright influences the slope steepness) is a game changer as well. Not to mention ankle and nerve strength differing between two individuals. There's so many factors into why shoes are comfortable or uncomfortable for us but, it definitely appears most are unaware of the heel slope steepness and shoe size factors.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Look like old ACG Air Mocs	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do you care for your expensive/fragile pieces?	labels:If it’s silk or a delicate fabric I usually dry clean or hand wash. Best to follow whatever the label says.   Typically hand washing with cold water works for most expensive fabrics but I have other stuff with some pretty aggressive labels like “DRY CLEAN ONLY PLEASE GOD” so I dry clean those lol.	episode_done:True
text:Professor Layton looks to be loosely based off a contemporary Japanese person’s romanticized version of Victorian era clothing, AoT is effectively completely fictional; both would look like cosplay irl	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Dream Unconventional/ Unrealistic Fashion Accessories- Discussion	labels:Really long opera gloves. Velvet, leather, silk with ribbons. Maybe one day, I’ll buy a pair and figure it out.	episode_done:True
text:How do I feel sexy at home in winter?	labels:matching bra and panties. it works wonders. I do this in the summer too (on summer bra days, which with boob sweat there are not many). when I buy a new bra, I typically get 2-3 coordinating panties in different styles so I have some options, and then put them together under all my clothes. I swear there's a posture change when I'm wearing ratty underclothes vs nice ones. even if no one sees it, I know it's there.
text:Koio Capri 2 Year review	labels:I picked up CP retros for 280 CAD IDK FAM
text:[Serious answers only] FAQ: Why does runway fashion looks like nothing you'd ordinarily wear on the daily?	labels:Work in fashion so hopefully can give some insight,   First thing to say is that some people do wear full runway looks on the daily, many many Comme Des garçons fans who wear increasingly full looks daily, crazy suits and dresses, pieces that don’t even look wearable. Although it is a small portion of people, it does happen (even see it now and again around london)   For the top conceptual brands (again I’ll take comme as an example) a fashion week show is as a form of expression, to present your concept in its fullest form - an art piece. This will then be watered down and made more commercial and sold, some brands sell their exact runway looks, some make it more commercial  It’s also important to add, what you see in this group is a small “subculture”, in other groups in in, most people do wear runway clothes daily, and even full looks daily, just depends what your seeing on your feed	episode_done:True
text:How do you shop for specific things without google clogging up with items from fast fashion? Or. How do you find the real designer of a fast fashion item?	labels:If you post a pic we can help look!	episode_done:True
text:Definitely agree you on the overall styling , everyone on Pinterest is photographed in these amazing locations and their photos are usually professional shot	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Does AGE really effect your choice of Fashion - Clothing Trends (Discussion)	labels:Long story short, nah. Just wear what you like and be cognizant of your context. Everyone has a different lifestyle and goal when dressing.
text:I Dyed My Jeans With $6 Dye and Here Are The Results	labels:I love this review, thank you!  When I’ve had true black cottony tanks or pants in the past that start to fade (bc I love them) I’ve redyed with Rit with very good results. I never considered jeans! What a cool way to do a refresh.  Thanks!	episode_done:True
text:Fall/winter shoe trends: what's your dream wishlist?	labels:I have those jCrew boots! They’re very... loud. But I love them so!!	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 15, 2020	labels:Where to buy moncler maya jacket in the UK? need to check sizing but also heard about bicester village having the best price? is it worth going down?	episode_done:True
text:Have you ever participated in a clothing swap - in person or online?	labels:I’m using swopped (UK version of Swap Society) and it’s good if you can’t sell your clothing or you don’t want to donate to charity (as it may end up in land fill). The items you send in gets assessed to see whether it’s in fit condition to swap. I’ve tried to do direct swapping on Depop but it’s hard to just find people who have similar tastes to your style or just the imbalance value of clothing offered. It’s a great way to get new clothes if you don’t want to spend money neither.	episode_done:True
text:Textured Knits	labels:The picture of McCartney is one of my favorite pictures of all time. Dude is just so cool haha.	episode_done:True
text:Easy and free tips to help you learn about fashion and style - and build your wardrobe – Minimaldrobe	labels:Merry Christmas, MaleFashionAdviserinos!  This article explores five easy and free tips and tricks to guide you in your fashion journey. I have worked hard to make sure these tips entail no monetary cost, so they are perfect for beginners and/or those who are budget conscious.  For Reddit, here's a summary:  &#x200B;  1. Note down your fashion and style inspiration 2. Discuss fashion and style with others 3. Take outfit photos – even just for yourself 4. Being ‘slow’ is fine: enjoy your items, including what you already have 5. There’s no harm in scouting and admiring from afar.	episode_done:True
text:The Perspective of Medieval Menswear	labels:A few notes in regards to medieval clothing: Tabards were worn by a large mixture of people, but it is more of a coat (and yes, knights later on wore them over armour, there were also surcoats etc). What definitely was worn by all peasants was a tunic, worn over a shirt and braies (basically boxer shorts). Hose (leggings) were tied to the braies and were usually both brightly coloured and a different colour for each leg. There are more elaborate ones with multiple colours per leg, but that was for richer people. Over time tunics got shorter and braies became longer, until they became breeches. Crakows are a particular type of pointy shoe popular in the 15th century, the more general name is turnshoe, so named because they were made inside out, and then turned. In regards to Philip wearing black, interestingly this change was initially spearheaded more by the middle class. Previous black dyes were a more browny black, but in the 14th century a deeper black dye was developed and so many of the city-dwelling middle class (hence bourgeoisie) started wearing black, both as a sign of wealth at being able to afford this new dye and also because of certain other expensive colours being restricted. The nobility and royalty of Europe began picking this up soon after.
text:Uhg I recently spent a lot of time trying to find a pair of well-fitting jeans that are made of higher quality fabric than the cheap high-stretch jeans that I've worn in the past.... Fuck me it was way more frustrating than I thought it would be. Eventually I tried the Levi's mile high skinny jeans, which I do really like, but it took a while for me to accept that the dream of raw denim was pretty much unobtainable.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:first order of business as MFA ambassador: Ban Jeri	labels:This should be a foundation of your campaign. I'll stuff that ballot box.
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Your Favorite Boots!	labels:I know this is a boots thread, but anyone have an ID on the jeans in #7? Those are sick as fuck.
text:North American Apparel does some of his stuff	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 22, 2020	labels:I'm thinking of trying the leather jacket look, since I recently shaved my head and have been enjoying my alpha industries bomber. I kind of want to stay on the cheaper side, since I've never really worn leather before. One company that came to my attention via reddit that has me interested is threads of apollo. Has anyone bought from this company? Looking at the icarus flight jacket specifically. Any experiences or recommendations are appreciated.
text:What were the fashion finds that made you cry of happiness?	labels:It’s funny, I came in to this thread to share the time I found a pair of suede Stuart Weitzman boots in my size in perfect condition for like $25 at a thrift store. I wear them all the time and they’re still in great shape after like 5 years. Enjoy your 5050s!  Less fancy but still memorable: we had just moved cross country for my husband’s job and I got an immediate call back from a job I applied for. Like, they called me the same day I applied and asked if I could interview the next day. All our stuff was in transit, and I had been planning to take some time off before my next job, so I had nothing to interview in and a suit is pretty much expected in my field.  I went to J. Crew, Banana Republic, Ann Taylor, LOFT, etc that afternoon and somehow NONE of them had suits in my size. The best I could find was one from Ann Taylor in a color I hated with an inseam that was 5 inches too long.   HOWEVER, I randomly passed a Salvation Army on my way home and decided to check it out. Friends, I found 4 beautiful J. Crew suits in my exact size, already hemmed to my ideal length within like 2 minutes of walking in the door. I’m pretty sure I actually did cry.   I didn’t end up taking that job (you will not be surprised to hear that it had very chaotic energy!) but I still have—and love—those suits.
text:Down Jackets	labels:I bought my first down jacket this year and it’s the warmest jacket I’ve ever had (except skiing gear).	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 21	labels:Just saw one of my listings is in the most recent eBay Roundup on PTO! I don't know what to do with my hands.  I have to say I'm surprised I haven't gained any watchers or offers from it though.	episode_done:True
text:Evidently, I present as “an upper middle class lesbian” (quote stolen from a FFAer). I’m not but whatever. Assume away. Clothing style is a combo of conservative/traditional New England/androgynous except for shoes ;-)  Pros: Was never sexually harassed at work. Also, lesbians were treated very well *in my division* of the aerospace corporation I worked at (more than a few in mgmt). Suspect there was some “honorary man” caca going on but it certainly benefited other women that did not behave/present traditionally.   Cons: None that I noticed but I’m pretty clueless. Took me until my late 40s to figure out I present this way.  ETA - I have discovered that now that I’m technically “old” dressing better is to my advantage. See invisibility & condescension.	labels:It’s so interesting because my workplace attire/lounge attire is very very “gay” reading. I wear hella blazers ar work and when I’m not there, it’s joggers, flannels, bun in a slick top knot. But the other half of my closet is girly ass dresses. Peak bisexual confusion I guess.	episode_done:True
text:Sadly, tacky shirts have been around for so long that I don't think they're going anywhere. They just moved fro Spencers to maintstream. Ugh.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:No vest	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 17, 2020	labels:So whenever I use imgur to host a photo I'm going to use, I always make it “hidden.” But every so often I forget and leave it “public” by accident...and WOW, imgur comments are pure fucking cancer! That community makes reddit look like a Churc picnic in comparison.
text:Same. I have like 3-4x and they're all beefy AF, no issues whatsoever.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What did people *actually* wear in 2000's?	labels:From 2001-2005, clothing I wore as a high schooler/college kid: low rise bootcut jeans, fitted graphic tshirts, fitted polo shirts, fitted shirts in general (shirts were so tight- maybe that’s why we layered??), always layering shirts- and shirts were super long and over your hips, but tight- never tucking them in, cutoff denim skirts, cotton shorts (like soffees) with words on the butt, necklace with my first initial on it, platform flip flops, dresses with Hawaiian prints (like flowers or surfers etc), hoop earrings, fitted hoodies. That’s what I can remember.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 16, 2020	labels:Could anybody recommend some dark windowpane trousers? Hoping to pair with a turtleneck and black Allen Edmond Park Aves. They do need to be roomy, unfortunately, as I max out the Brooks Brothers Madison fit due to large legs and butt.  TIA.	episode_done:True
text:Are jean shorts on men really that bad?	labels:Listen, there are very few things, if any, in menswear that are always wrong.  But as far as single items go, jorts are very, very, very rarely right.  Denim is a generally a heavy, workwearish fabric designed to protect your legs. Shorts are generally worn for comfort -- they should be lighter, or softer, or both. And there are a few more reasons that jorts are... unnatural, but... They are, don't wear them unless you *really* know your shit. Like, "studies runway shows like an academic" level of knowing your shit.
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Rock & Roll	labels:One of my favorite themes yet just because it looks like people had a ton of fun. Great success.	episode_done:True
text:The Terribly High Cost of Cheap Goods	labels:What is going on in these comments
text:Reigning Champ Hoodie: 2 months later	labels:I have 4 midweight hoodies in navy, forest green, charcoal and dusk. No elbow breakage here. Navy one of 3 years is still looking new.  Can you describe how the hoodie feels when you wore it? The only garment I associate with elbow holes is dress shirts - typical problem finance guys have when a shirt is pushed to its limit because you have your elbows on your desk all day. How often were you wearing the hoodie? 2-3 weeks between washes if you're wearing it everyday seems a little wrong to me even for a raw denim guy myself.	episode_done:True
text:Wide with a slight taper gang	labels:I never wear wide with a slight taper  Cause wide with a slight taper is the cousin of straight fit!	episode_done:True
text:Unusual inspirations	labels:This sub knows I am bat shit insane so I am comfortable stating these things have design language that I concur with:   * Mid century furniture  * west coast modern architecture  * ancient Roman pottery  * the sun  * Mesopotamia and other ancient civilizations  * fertile soil/earth
text:Has anyone just said screw it and focused more on fit than color scheme for your outfits? What's an unlikely color combination that you ended up loving?	labels:I found a way to wear red and green recently without looking like a Christmas tree and my mind was blown! The red was more of a muted, terra-cotta color and the green was that pacific, dark blue-green that’s been so popular the last year or so.   Also recently found out that wearing a denim jacket with jeans was a bold style move but I’ve been doing it for years not knowing it might be a fashion mistake. 😂	episode_done:True
text:Song for the Mute Fall/Winter 2020	labels:Fuck ya	episode_done:True
text:Top Down / Aerial / Crotch Shot WAYWT	labels:Note: This is not a shitpost. This is an actual weekly thread for people to post outfit pictures from their perspective (i.e. Top Down). WAYWT stands for 'what are you wearing today?' though obviously you can share outfits you've worn before that within reason.  So please feel free to share.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/malefashionadvice) if you have any questions or concerns.*	episode_done:True
text:Speaking to the LGBTQ-owned label whose kilts were adopted by Proud Boys	labels:I understand discontinuing the kilts to disassociate with them, but why not just keep selling them and continue to give all profits to charity? Yes they’re still using your clothes, but you’re letting them shoot themselves in the foot by getting them to contribute to the exact opposite of what they stand for. It’s a win-win-win situation. Michael Scott would dig.
text:How do you actually incorporate colour in your wardrobe?	labels:Assuming you wear jeans and a t shirt now and then, go out and buy a cheap t shirt or two in a colour you like. If you find yourself wearing them regularly, buy some more bright items. If you don't wear them much, then perhaps bright colours are not for you, at least now, and you won't have spent much to find out.	episode_done:True
text:You’re free to go slimmer than he recommends, just know that it’ll feel more constricting	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - February 13, 2021	labels:What fucking food do i dress as lol
text:Menswear I Drool Over: FW/2020 Part I	labels:I dunno, looks a bit less like fashion and a bit more like fashun to me... But who am I to judge these.
text:Unboxing and Styling New Balance 992s	labels:Hi everyone! Long time no see.   I wanted to make some new content for the new year, and also explain a little bit where I've been for the past couple of months.   It's been nice speaking with more of you in the Daily Questions Threads, and I hope to interact with more of y'all as time goes on.   Anyway, I hope you enjoy this video and see why I'm falling more and more in love with the New Balance 99x series.
text:For the parents of girls	labels:Mom of two little girls - 4 years old and 20 months old. The four year old dresses herself in whatever she wants. If it is not weather appropriate, I make her adjust (like a long sleeve shirt under a tank dress). She rarely matches but I think it builds independence, confidence, and creativity. She hates it when I ask her to wear something specific (like for a holiday) so I just try to buy special outfits we will both love. I let her pick out some of what I buy for her (give her some options to pick from). We shop mostly online so it’s easy for me to have some control over what she can choose.   The 20 month old pretty much wears hand me downs lol and I mostly pick what she wears but she’s starting to prefer to select herself (she’ll tell me “pick dress” in the morning to tell me she wants to choose a dress). I will let her pick her clothes more and more as she becomes more independent.   I imagine over time my girls will start to put together more and more fashionable outfits as they become more aware of style and what their peers are wearing. I will always let them choose for themselves and only intervene when what they want to wear is truly inappropriate for some reason. And even then I will continue to give them options for alternatives and let them choose. It’s their body after all!	episode_done:True
text:Trying to get into jewelry	labels:Get a nice pair of stud earrings and a nice bracelet or watch.	episode_done:True
text:Revisiting Fall Favorites: Barbour Jackets pt 3	labels:Loving the combo of Barbour with denim/chambray shirt. Def gonna wear that when I don’t feel like wearing a Canadian tuxedo	episode_done:True
text:I think MTM is more of a long-term threat to bespoke rather than RTW. The technological improvements, which will theoretically make it possible for software to draft a pattern indistinguishable from one drawn up by a human, could eventually make it very difficult for bespoke makers to compete on fit. The market could shrink to basically just the guys who want to be able to say they bought bespoke for sentimental reasons.  RTW will likely always exist just because it’s cheaper and easier to mass produce clothes in standardized sizing. Maybe the higher-end RTW market shrinks, but  at the bottom I don’t see a future where Zara only stocks M2M suits ordered online in advance.	labels:This article was about bespoke, but there are a lot of businesses taking mtm from the other angle -- not only making it cheaper, but making it such a cheap marketing hack, using it to reduce dead stock  using it to reduce return rates... As it gets better, it's going to get more efficient through multiple dimensions and eventually, rtw is going to feel some pain too.	episode_done:True
text:One Can Never Have Enough Socks - Happy Holidays MFA	labels:I got a subscription last Christmas to Sock Society as a present from my mother in law and it was one of my best presents ever!  They send two pairs of socks a month for the duration of your subscription.	episode_done:True
text:Changing your mindset from fast fashion to one of investment pieces. What did you learn?	labels:Once, very soon after starting my job, I bought some pants that didn't fit super well but I liked the color. I asked my friend, a lawyer and the best dressed woman I have ever met, whether I should keep or return the pants. She said the material wasn't great and the color wasn't going to wash well. She also said something that was a revelation and really stuck with me, "I'd hate for you to wear something that is beneath you." Until then, I'd never had the thought that I could be "above" certain clothes, but attaining a certain level of maturity and professional success did mean I should have higher standards. My parents never taught me anything about clothes and I wasn't discerning about quality till I'd owned and spent time in good quality stuff. When I compare old and new clothes side by side I see a big difference in the material, stitching, and cut. I don't think of them as investment pieces--to me, that's just a euphemism for expensive clothing, because I wore my fast fashion clothes for years too not months. The new mindset I have is that enjoying expensive clothing is fine. I'm not "undeserving". I'm allowed to pay attention to my appearance and spend resources on looking my best.	episode_done:True
text:Thanks so much, I knew I had to bring it against Bond 😅	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 13, 2020	labels:Does anyone know of any good sweatpant/jogger brands? I've been eyeing up the Zanerobe Sureshot in black but it's a little too pricey for me and I'm hoping to find something similar for a little less.  Edit: If it helps, I'm looking for joggers that are nice enough to wear to work! I work in engineering so there's a little more freedom in what I can wear but I'd prefer something kinda sleek.	episode_done:True
text:Best way to buy clothes locally?	labels:There are websites that feature many different “local” boutiques that you can shop at with one click, so to speak. I use Trouva and Avocadostore to buy from different sustainable boutiques across Europe for clothes and home wear. I can even narrow my search to just my particular city. Even though I use one online site, I have to pay shipping if shopping from different stores. There is an incentive to shop at one place though, like they give a discount on shipping or something.   I know some local boutiques use farfetch as well.	episode_done:True
text:What types of dresses would it be practical to have on hand for common different wedding types?	labels:One short cocktail length and one long if you feel like it. I personally wear fancy cocktail dresses no matter how fancy the wedding  I like black and navy bc you can rewear a ton. Color is great too. Just go for classic cuts.	episode_done:True
text:Synthetics in Our Wardrobe	labels:I'm not a fan of linen or silk, so natural fiber wise I'm good with cotton and that's about it. I can't do animal hairs (severe allergy) so I guess if we're avoiding synthetics, I'll just freeze in the winter? On the positive side, I rarely wash my sweaters as I wear them over top of other things so there's no need to. I guess at least I'm not polluting the water supply as badly there.   I think polyester has a place, like in gym leggings or that kind of thing. I had a pair of cotton based gym leggings and they got disgusting real quick. I also like a little polyester in some styles of clothing because it provides structure and a certain look that can be desirable on particular items.  Natural fibers, due to this movement, have gotten a lot more expensive. So this is another one of those ethical issues where those that can afford to spend the money and hunt around for more natural fabrics can do so, and you have to be careful not to degrade someone who can't do the same.	episode_done:True
text:What are a few items that you feel are essential when planning a wardrobe?	labels:Completely depends on your lifestyle. My most essential item for work is a pair of shoes that are comfortable, easy to walk in, and stylish- I go for mules currently, but in years past, I was very into ballerina flats or pointy-toed plats and even had a stint with loving Tieks.   A pair of black skinny jeans has been a staple in my wardrobe for almost a decade now, so those are probably an essential for me also- although I've been getting more into straight and wide leg denim now.	episode_done:True
text:How Much Clothing Should I Own?	labels:The way I strip my closet down is pretty simple. You ask two questions:  1) Do I wear this often?  2) is that because it’s a seasonal item or a special event item?  If the answer is no, then take time to think about how you could wear it more, and if you can’t see yourself doing it, then get rid of it.	episode_done:True
text:Revisiting Tim Gunn's List of 10 Style Must-haves	labels:This list honestly matches pretty well with my wardrobe, even in the time of Corona. Though some pieces I bought well before I grew into them stylistically:  - Classic black trench coat: I bought this in college but it was easily 8 years before I really felt comfortable wearing it regularly. Still looks great though :)  - Patterned skirt: have had this since high school 0-0. Didn't really wear it from about age 18-26, but it's still a fantastic piece that I wore regularly to work and will again.  I went through a phase where I threw a blazer over *everything* so I still have a bunch, including one that lived in my office if I had to go into a client meeting on short notice.	episode_done:True
text:The decade old Forever 21 clothes are some of the most durable things I own. Idk why the quality has declined so much.	labels:I also have stuff from Forever 21 that's lasted for nearly a decade - back before they turned to complete shit, I felt like the store was 90% shit and 10% really good stuff. I only bought the really good stuff. I had a couple things from Forever 21 that did not stand the test of time.
text:Unique brands/boutiques in your city?	labels:Paris there Was this boutique called Chemise Blanc and it literally just sold white blouses and shirts and it was INSPIRATIONAL. It taught me there were a million ways to have variation on one thing and be it unique and beautiful.  It was truly transformative for me to encounter this.  I have looked for it high and low to no avail. It was in Montparnasse.   It was the most French thing ever.	episode_done:True
text:What is your go-to favourite dress to wear in the cooler months?	labels:I love sweater dresses for the winter here in canada, just roll with some thick tights or wool thigh high socks and a longer coat.  I have a maxi length one that works great.	episode_done:True
text:Decolonize Sustainable and Ethical Fashion	labels:Great post! Thank you for sharing it. So important to be mindful of our assumptions and the exploited workers behind our fashion choices.	episode_done:True
text:Best and Worst Purchase of 2020	labels:Worst: A 2020 Planner.   Best: A Dog (Currently fast asleep beside me)
text:Why I Love Silk Scarves (imgur album in comments)	labels:I have a silk scarf from Tootal and I love wearing it. It is pretty short and also very slippery, making wearing it with just a drape around the neck a bad idea (one time it slipped off in the streets of Southampton and I didn't notice). I quite like an Ascot knot for it though, particularly tucked into a jumper.	episode_done:True
text:Villanelle's Killer Wardrobe, Once Again	labels:Thanks for compiling! She has such a great wardrobe from dreamy, wish I could wear pieces to real boss items like her fabulous wedding suit.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 10, 2020	labels:Fucking customer without a mask just spat on me at work. I’m freaking out a bit guys   Edit: Management is taking me off the schedule for the week but now they’re saying I’m not guaranteed to get paid. Fuck :)
text:She at some point wore a green kimono with gold embroidery which is from Zara. I know cause I have the same one.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Plants and Fashion: A Marriage of Obsessions	labels:I've always enjoyed nature-themed aesthetics. More animals than plants for me, but I have plant stuff too. Got some jewelry, I have some beachy tropical-print shorts, I have a palm leaf print jacket (from that brief period where satin bomber jackets were everywhere) somewhere in storage... I got some more fabric to make masks too, made sure to pick out a jungle print. I found one that has tigers in it, so that's a plus. Also got a fall leaves print.	episode_done:True
text:Big head big ideas	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Best of Malefashionadvice 2020- Awards thread!	labels:I wanna give a shout out to u/danhakimi, everytime I check the daily questions thread he's always helping out others
text:Best of Malefashionadvice 2020- Awards thread!	labels:Damn. 2020 was the year of Wuz.
text:"freeing the titty" when you don't have "fashion boobs"?	labels:My thoughts are that everyone should wear whatever they hell they want, and nobody should feel like they *have* to wear something they don't enjoy, find uncomfortable, etc. Obviously it's not that "simple", but at the end of the day...it is. There's no magic pill you can take that will allow you to suddenly stop giving AF. It's a process of looking in the mirror, having those feelings, and then accepting that your body is the way it is and that is okay. Feeling bad about your body doesn't serve you in any way. It's not going to someday lead to you waking up with "perfect" tits if you just hate yours hard enough. All it does is make you feel bad. It's fine to have those thoughts, even the most confident and body positive people will have them. They don't need to dictate your behavior or impinge upon your happiness, though. It's a choice. It's a HARD choice, and it requires ongoing effort, but like many other things it becomes easier with practice.	episode_done:True
text:Hey thanks for the suggestion. Sorry, I should have clarified this but I'm also allergic to hemp, linen, wool, and a few more obscure fabrics.  I'm willing to pay as much as needed for this kind of "alternative material" jean.  Leather might be an option but I'm vegetarian so it would need to be vegan leather probably	labels:I suggest the Outlier slim dungarees.	episode_done:True
text:# Henleys	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do you shop in COVID?	labels:I’ve gone to online shopping only post Covid. It was definitively challenging at first to guess my size and learn to interpret my measurements (def measure yourself, there’s guides online) and the stores’, but it gets better with time!   It is easiest to stick to brands you already have clothes from, or alternatively use online stores that calculate your size for you based on other clothes you have (Saks, Bloomingdales and other large department stores offer this feature). The next part is to shop only on sites that allow returns (original payment, not store credit), preferably for free. Many big retailers do this already - with the final sale caveat. My favorites that I shop at most are Shopbop.com, Reformation, Saks, Aritzia (careful, they only refund to original payment non sale items), Bloomingdales, Lululemon, Farfetch, Banana Republic, J Crew, Abercrombie and Fitch. In general though, I won’t buy anything without checking out the site’s return policy first, and I usually don’t shop at places that don’t accept returns.  I acknowledge that some of these may have allegedly unethical practices, but I can’t afford (time, effort, health, money, etc.) finding alternatives at this time. I kindly ask that we don’t focus on that aspect sub the op didn’t specify they wanted ethic retailers only.	episode_done:True
text:Walmart fashion a “new” thing as seen on IG bloggers?	labels:Walmart fashion is the same as Amazon fashion. It’s cheap crap made by underpaid and exploited workers so we can wear it for a month and be thrown in a landfill. It drives me crazy that influencers constantly advertise clothes from cheap retailers because I know they are getting the outfits for free/are getting paid to post about them. The loungewear sets are thin and warp when you wash them. The dresses are paper thin. Bathing suits feel like they’re going to fall apart. But they say “omg look how cute!” for a buck.   They also advertise the Walmart delivery service saying “omg, ordered this from Walmart 2 hours ago and it’s already here!”   If they were advertising quality clothing from sustainable companies that’s a whole different story.	episode_done:True
text:Depending on how your bike is setup, I find that pretty much any outfit is bike friendly if you have enough shoulder room - and nothing is loose enough to get caught in the chain!	labels:Any outfit is bike friendly if you’re brave enough	episode_done:True
text:Yep. This. I recently realized that my spending problem was extremely similar to the way Binge Eating works , and have been trying to do things in moderation (financial version of intuitive eating ) and it’s been working ! It’s frustrating though because a lot of people , my friends specifically, don’t realize how much of a problem it is , and mock me for not just “stop spending and use all your money to pay your debt” , the spending in moderation has been helping me pay off debt without accumulating more !	labels:This is super interesting to me because I’m in a unique financial situation. My husband and I paid off all debt except mortgage when we were 22 and 25. It was the crazy Dave Ramsey intense debt reduction on very small salaries (nonprofit work and jr enlisted military), but we paid off $35k in 20 months...and then we had to move and I lost my job. Things went from VERY tight (due to our priorities) to a little looser, but still no real money. Don’t think I bought new clothes except for running shoes, and a few bras in 2+ years. Now, fast forward another year+, I ended up going back to school and we are still living on one salary. Husband has been promoted so our budget is looser...and I have a hard time controlling my miscellaneous budget because I went through like a spending drought for SO long that every time I see a good deal on something, I’m like “Oh I should get that because idk when we might need it and not be able to afford it,” especially basics like jeans, bras, etc.  I’m worried for when I graduate in a few months and our income like quadruples. Ain’t no telling where that money is going to end up.
text:General Discussion - November 11, 2020	labels:Today is my 29th birthday. Normal I don't make a big deal about it, but I'm anxious to try and get the PS5 tomorrow.  Fingers crossed, though I know it's not likely.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 17, 2020	labels:What do we think of black dress pants, brown shoes and a red shirt?
text:As the great philosopher said, "be the change you want to see in the [sub]"	labels:Yeah I would be down to post it. I didn't know if I was allowed to hijack a recurring thread like that as a lowly end-user.
text:Permanent Style - Tucked in T-Shirt	labels:i’ve been tucking my tee every day for probably about four years now. I dunno what it is, but it just really clicked for me. it looks especially good when you’re wearing the tee under an overshirt or jacket, since you no longer have to deal with the hem of the tee sitting at an awkward length underneath the jacket (or being *longer* than the jacket, which was an old pet peeve of mine). tucking creates a very nice line that looks like this: \_|-|_  generally, this look works best with boxier tees and pants, *or* very slim stuff a la the old “Saint Laurent” look. trying to do this while wearing your garden variety slim t-shirts and slim chinos is when you get into the uncanny territory of feeling like your dad in an unfashionable way.
text:Winter staples?	labels:Puffer jacket is a MUST!!!	episode_done:True
text:?????	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I love this idea! Thanks!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The Instagram Account Showing “Ivy’s” More Eclectic Side – Put This On	labels:Is it just me or does the guy on the left look like Elon	episode_done:True
text:They add fun to an outfit without sacrificing professionalism. They’re great.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The Best Ways To Style A Blazer This Autumn.	labels:Blazer and a gilet? Kids these days.	episode_done:True
text:Winx style, a nostalgia trip	labels:I’ve never seen the show (cartoon or Netflix remake) but I had heard of the recent controversy. However, thank you so much for these albums! They definitely all had a distinct style and some I’ve saved as personal inspiration! :)	episode_done:True
text:Sewing your own clothes	labels:Definitely worth the time! Aside from producing clothes that you want and that fit you, you are developing transferable skills like manual dexterity, decision-making and problem-solving.   Not sure what you mean by lounge clothes, but if you mean clothing made from stretch jersey, you need either a machine that does zig zag stitch or (ideally) an overlocker machine. If you try to sew stretch fabrics with a standard stitch, you will either end up with puckering or a garment that doesn't stretch at the seams, or more likely both. If you have the right machine, it is no harder than sewing woven fabrics once you get the hang of it.
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge: Your Favorite Boots!	labels:Doc Marten high-rises steel toe combat boot with tactical boot strap	episode_done:True
text:I’ll put the ass in ambassador    HEY U.N. CALL ME	labels:Oh I believe you. I saw your "Capitol storming track suit" today😘
text:I did two big loads of laundry yesterday and as I was folding them I realized all the clothing was undergarments, PJ pants, and tee shirts ;__;	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Don't wear a tie without a tailored jacket.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I'm feeling really called out right now...	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Let's talk about Fall!!!	labels:I put on my plaid skirt, dark knit and argyle socks. You know, my ~~witchy librarian outfit~~ oh no sorry, I just received news from gen Z that I'm committing cultural appropriation and the exact same clothes we were calling witchy librarian three days ago are now suddenly called dark academia for absolutely no reason. Yeah, that. I'm wearing that.	episode_done:True
text:How to Make a Savile Row Suit: A Short Documentary from the Museum of Modern Art	labels:Happy to pop in here and answer any questions y'all might have about the Savile Row suit process.   Source: Currently work for a Savile Row Tailoring House
text:Sculptural Fashion Inspiration Album	labels:That hat brim that turns into a coat lapel is just great. good album all around	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Beauty is Pain	labels:I squeeze myself into the stiffest raw denim there is. I’ve heard of these things called leggings or stretch pants, but the idea that pants could provide a modicum of comfort means they must be entirely unfashionable. I avoid them. Instead, I adorn my lower half with the most unyielding, unforgiving denim they make. I don’t “break it in” or other such nonsense as that could potentially soften my rigid mom jeans into pants that I don’t grimace while wearing. If your bottoms aren’t leaving crease marks on your hips and thighs, then I don’t think they even count as pants.	episode_done:True
text:Ellen McArthur Circular Economy Report: by 2029 Resale is expected to be bigger than Fast Fashion	labels:I hate to say it but it’s unlikely to happen any time soon especially in fashion. I mean in the first world we can’t even recycle the plastic we put out for recycling each week.   What’s the problem you ask? The cost of labour, energy and co2 omissions in first world economies.   Retail items can be made and sold at scale, resale shops are cost prohibitive to run at the same scale. Hence why charities do the best as they initially receive the goods for free.	episode_done:True
text:Let's talk the impact of fragrance on perception of style! How much does a person's fragrance affect your impression of them? Do you choose perfume with this in mind? What are some of your favourites?	labels:My grandmother in law gave me a perfume after I had my first child and said that it would help me feel  “human” while I was home all day with a baby. I wear it even in my sweats and let me say, it works! I will always remember that from her :)	episode_done:True
text:Pairing with a neutral is totally fair, but this album was intended to show us how we might step out of our comfort zones a little :)  As for the other two “don’t” pics, well, I still stand by the fact that both of those outfits are getting a bit dated lol!  maybe it’s the striped circle scarf and flats in the last pic or the yellow hobo bag and 2010’s accessories in the first pic that really place it in that time frame for me. While they wouldn’t look out of place in most cities, they’re not exactly fashion forward in my opinion.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What's your Best Leggings Outfits?	labels:All I go hiking in these days in leggings and in the summer I go in cropped leggings. They are great stretchy, flexible, sweat wicking, the whole package!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 30	labels:just wanna give a quick shout out to the guys who call me Ethan on here, bc my username is incredibly cringey lol
text:What are some unexpected surprises you've found with certain clothing brands that are known for other things?	labels:I was surprised that Abercrombie wasn't just mall crap for teenagers anymore. It's not the heritage company it once was either, it's just a lower-end mall brand now with a lot of solid basics.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 22, 2020	labels:Why are hooded garments almost never modeled with the hood up?   I  keep my head shaved (bald) and prefer hoods to hats. Part of my problem  is a lot of hoods don't land far enough forward on my head so I want to  see them modeled with the hood up. Most of my problem is that when I'm  shopping online about 90% of hooded garments are not modeled with the  hood up. It seems intentional, anyone know why?  Admittedly I want my hood to fall farther forward than most might, like to my  eyebrows, but most of what I order and see online, when they are  modeled, land with the edge behind the top of the forehead. I get that  this is consistent with the hat trend of wearing the edge behind the  hairline, for whatever reason, but I'm looking for function over style.	episode_done:True
text:then what type of shoes	labels:Short boots or mid calf boots.	episode_done:True
text:Shinies From the Past - or, What to do with Gifts from Past Relationships?	labels:I've only ever had one person give really nice jewelry. (Not that I've gotten a lot of jewelry in general, but like, as a teenager, I was given a necklace from like Sears or something. Meaningful at the time, but not something I'd save anyway probably...) The relationship ended terribly but I liked the piece. I just had it remade. Any good jeweler can do this pretty easily (not always cheaply, though). I turned one necklace into two. The jeweler worked with me, as I came in eith general, vague ideas and they actually drew up plans and designs, which I picked from...It was cathartic in a way. I wore one of the necklaces to renew a restraining order against the guy and it felt like an ultimate "screw you, I have the power here" move lol	episode_done:True
text:Not at all- I of all people agree it should not be, as someone whose style is definitely maximalist.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I’ve read this tip somewhere: if you still want the marketing mails sometimes (e.g., to check whether there’s a discount code when you were going to buy something anyways), create a mail folder and a filter that automatically puts anything containing the word “unsubscribe” in there. That should catch all the newsletters and you still have them without being tempted to buy all the time	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Second on boots, and there’s no sign of stoppage	labels:	episode_done:True
text:See if any community colleges around you are offering classes! That's how I'm learning how to sew right now :)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Top Down / Aerial / Crotch Shot WAYWT	labels:Note: This is not a shitpost. This is an actual weekly thread for people to post outfit pictures from their perspective (i.e. Top Down). WAYWT stands for 'what are you wearing today?' though obviously you can share outfits you've worn before that within reason.  So please feel free to share.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/malefashionadvice) if you have any questions or concerns.*	episode_done:True
text:Brooks Brothers's Future Looks a Lot Like Menswear’s Past	labels:* Less SKUs. The amount of stuff BB sells is overwhelming.  * Do away with there weirdly named fit system. Change it to Extra Slim, Slim, Regular, Thicc Daddies * Revamp the BB website. It's been terrible for a long time. * Have the athleisure stuff, but also focus on high quality basics, again with less SKUs. Have something like an "essentials" line. The Navy Suit. The Charcoal Suit. The OCDB. The Chino. The Wool Trouser. Without fifty million variations thereof. You go now and it's like here are three navy suits with different kinds of stretch, here are four more with some kind of temperature controlling fabric. Just give me a half to full canvas lined 100% wool navy suit in various fits and sizes. In other words, simplify your menswear line to cut down on SKUs, and that will give you more room to play with sheep on skis and stuff (i think that does sound kind of cute, very Ralph Lauren). * Do away with Golden Fleece, Red Fleece. Mainline only. Again confusing to the consumer. * Where BB could play more is in areas like sport shirts. By all means offer your classics like blackwatch etc., but other menswear shops like Sid Mashburn or Todd Snyder offer all kinds of fun prints and colors while still feeling like classic #menswear.  i dunno, just riffing my own personal desires for BB. i don't know anything about running a large clothing manufacturer and retailer.
text:Her hair is splendid...	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I don’t think this is fair. There are a lot of people out there that have real struggles you’re not considering.   I have ADHD and I have difficulties with executive functioning. My ADHD brain sees there is food in front of me so my singular focus becomes shoveling that food down my gullet. When you start adding “distractions” like talking to my partner or unconscious distractions like filtering out restaurant noise, it’s difficult to focus on staying neat. Like many others with ADHD, I’m also clumsy without a clear cause.  Consider physical handicaps. Someone with tremors will have difficulty with spills. Same with someone in a wheelchair when a restaurant isn’t properly ADA accessible. They can dress they way they, but they might need some accommodations or they might need to employee some extra life-hacks.   I’m not trying to be dramatic or suggest you’re a bad person or anything.  Well-meaning people forget about the everyday struggles of others all the time. OP asked for practical advice for a problem they’re having. Many others, including me, reading this thread have real anxieties from the same issue. If the solution was as simple as trying harder, everyone would have done that already.	labels:Has no one in this thread heard of napkins?      They are typically placed on the table next to or under utensils. And you're welcome to use them even when eating with your hands.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 15, 2021	labels:How much ankle should you show when it comes to chinos? The no break and slight break dichotomy is too strict and not flexible enough. Right now I am wearing my chinos half covering my ankles. Thought?
text:Congratulations!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Stockings vs Tights vs Leggings	labels:I’m mainly a tights person, especially thicker ones. I live in scandinavia and always wear skirts/dressea so I have to keep warm, so three quarters of the year I wear thicker knit tights (I go through like 3-4 pairs of my go-to grey cable knit tights every fall/winter), sometimes knee-high wooly socks, leggings over them to layer when it’s really cold, and I have a few warmer/thermo leggings too. Like, I’ve been basically living in a pair of Black Milk toasties leggings this entire fall (since I want to be both warm and colourful and that’s hard when it’s cold haha).  For keeping them up I have a pair of those little spandex shorts meant to shape the butt and tummy, but I wear them outside the tights. Also keeps the tights from wearing out in the crotch, bonus!	episode_done:True
text:This! My sweaters look so much better now that I use them. I wish I started sooner	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Hair accessories - professional or should be saved for casual environments?	labels:I have no problem if it’s a neutral colored hair accessory.  Scrunchies feel more casual, but barrettes, thin hair ties, and headbands could be worn tastefully.  Color, if used, should be limited and not too distracting.    Example:    Red headband and the rest of the outfit is neutral. —> sounds fine  Red headband, red lipstick, red necklace, orange shirt, zebra pants—> too much	episode_done:True
text:Everyone’s opinions on Youtube fashion channels?	labels:I always assume a lot of that stuff is, as they say, "gifted".	episode_done:True
text:How do you dress for the (extreme) weather where you're from?	labels:I’m in Toronto, Canada.  By January, no one is wearing cute outfits anymore... it’s all goose-down water resistant parkas, balaclavas, Uniqlo heattech long-johns under thick jeans and heavy boots.  But before it gets to those super extreme sad months, I like wearing a short fitted puffer jacket with a winter down miniskirt over leggings and doc martens.  The short jacket makes me feel like I still have a shape and the down miniskirt keeps my bum warm and looks cute.
text:Experience with fast fashion brands for office casual clothes (Shein, Fashion Nova, etc)?	labels:I would not recommend Vici. I have noticed a few influencers starting to share their stuff. I know it always looks good on the models and influencers, but I promise you, when it arrives, it will look nothing like what you saw online. It’s cheap material and very cheaply made.	episode_done:True
text:Aimé Leon Dore for Drake's F/W 2020 Lookbook	labels:So I totally understand that this is a lookbook and highly stylized, but is it actually possible to pull off the sweats + tailored clothing look?  I think it looks sick, but my gut reaction is that while it looks cool in a vacuum, it might look kind of silly in real life.  Has anyone here rocked a similar look/style?
text:A Basic Guide to Useful Knitwear	labels:For the love of it I cannot find the pink /blushed lavender one that is pictured on top... can anybody help IDing it ?	episode_done:True
text:Cold weather friendly skirts and dresses	labels:Knit skirts are like ponchos for your legs. It’s hard to find heavyweight ones but I’ve had some success looking more in like British (incl. Scottish) outerwear/sweater companies than in the US.	episode_done:True
text:Post on r/goodyearwelt. I know there are some guys from SF	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Psychological & personal reasons for impulse buying	labels:Personally, I would say it all boils down to feeling like I need a 'treat' when I'm having a tough time. I grew up with a single mum and money was kind of tight, so although she did the best she could, I didn't have a games console or label clothes or the latest trendy toys, and I only ever got anything at christmas or on my birthday. I learnt from very early on not to pester my mum for something in the shop, because the answer was always no.  When I got older and had my own money, I loved to save it. I didn't really get to go anywhere, and so if I did have the occasional day out with friends, I'd make the most of it and spend the money I had been saving up. I guess along the way it became like a special treat that made me feel like I had a chance at 'fitting in' with my friends and finding myself, because I got the chance to buy things that weren't picked out by an adult as a gift or second- third- fourth- hand from the car boot or charity shop.  Nowadays, impulse buys give me a surge of happiness that I can be who I want and buy what I want, and it just makes me feel better when I'm struggling.
text:Do you follow the conventional rules around "flattering your figure?"	labels:I guess I don't really follow them because as a pear shape the advice is usually to emphasize the other body parts to draw attention away from the hips. But I like my butt, so I don't feel like I need to specifically hide it.  Also I think bootcut or flare jeans that are usually recommended just make my legs look like columns, and slimmer pants actually show that  I have slim legs and ankles (which to me looks nicer). I think a lot of this advice was based on the idea that the goal is to look as skinny as possible, so if anything is sticking out it needs to be obscured. My mom said she never wore jeans in the 80s/90s because she thought her butt was too big for them, and it's not even a particularly huge butt. So at the time the hourglass ideal was just overshadowed by the need to not look "fat" it any way (especially in the 90s).
text:The best relaxed trousers — 13 bought and tested	labels:THANK YOU, for such a thorough write-up. I look forward to more of these and you have my upvote- also, do you have a youtube channel? this is quality content	episode_done:True
text:My fav part of the crepe sole is how sneaky you can be though	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA's Own: 2020 Favorites	labels:!mfaimagebot help  This is a big album so just commenting so folks can see how the MFAImageBot works and use it if they want!	episode_done:True
text:Inauguration Fashion Discussion	labels:Our National *youth* Poet Laureate looking like a rising sun of youth and hope. I love her accessories so SO much. Amanda Gorman !  Edit: She’s the National Youth Poet Laureate 💛❤️
text:I gave my mom a pair of those earrings as a mother's day gift when I was like four. My dad let me pick them myself. My mom is really into "tasteful" things, so I don't think she's ever worn them.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What were your favorite menswear collections that showed in 2020?	labels:Dries SS20. I know for sure I'm going to regret not getting more from this season. JW for Loewe also consistently pumps out good stuff.	episode_done:True
text:I got my boyfriend a limited edition pint glass from our favorite brewery (he is always using his roommates and talking about how much he likes it) and a long sleeve t shirt printed by a local printmaker - it has a ink printed design of the place we love and live. I’m really excited to give them both to him and happy I could find local gifts that weren’t super expensive but will be meaningful to him!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I second this, more information on the ethics behind fabric types would help a lot of people make smart choices that also are environmentally conscious.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:You don’t need an advanced degree to work in Fashion, but you definitely need a degree. Nobody in NY at least is going to look twice at you unless you come from Parsons, FIT, RISD or Pratt ideally, or a well-regarded program within another school.   I’d say finish your current degree and then maybe take some classes to be sure that actual fashion design is something you want to do. Design is a lot more than making clothes. It’s insanely hard work as a career. That said, there are a lot of great opportunities in fashion, especially in New York, where I’ve spent my 20+ year career.   FIT has great post-grad classes and associates programs too. Maybe you could work in fashion marketing while studying design? The combination of some design classes and solid marketing experience could very well lead to something interesting. Good luck!	labels:I’m actually currently differed from FIT, so I could just go there and do that.   Is that what your implying?
text:An Introduction to Japanese Menswear Magazines	labels:The rugged ivy + streetwear look that popeye pushed into is one of the best looks out there	episode_done:True
text:How would you style or rebuild your wardrobe around your holy grail fashion piece?	labels:I really like cardigans	episode_done:True
text:This is a perfect response.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 24	labels:Any recommendations for good OCBDs with a decent taper in the <$50 MSRP range? I'm a 37" chest and a 29" waist with a pretty long torso (I'm 6', but my torso is longer proportionally) and a sleeve length of like 34-34.5", so I usually buy medium, but a lot of stuff off the rack is either kind of loose around the middle or too short somewhere.	episode_done:True
text:Somebody else loosing so much time to choose the right item to buy when looking for something? I feel it cost me more in time when I try to buy responsibly.	labels:Fff same	episode_done:True
text:Same here!	labels:Me too!	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Fashion AITA	labels:I only wear clothing made from sustainable baby skin. I really think I’m not TA because it’s not like these are important babies, just poor ones who were going to grow up and be a drain on the system anyway. I always ensure that my baby-skin clothing is made in the most ethical and sustainable way possible. Plus, it’s like, so soft! AITA?
text:Fashion Favorites	labels:I absolutely love funky button down shirts! The sillier the print probably the better. It's a new love from last year that I now have flamingos, lobsters in sunglasses, dinosaurs, and plant shirts among others already that I wear all the time to work and I just would love more.. I was just daydreaming of where to find more options on another tab actually.. I'm really short though so I've been shopping in the little boys section. Tuck one of those bad boys into a nice pair of pants or longer skirt and I'm living my modern Mrs. Frizzle dream.   Also love bell bottoms! Those are hard to find though for people under 5ft. lol
text:Reformation is a good example! I looooooove their dresses. Topshop can have some finds as well!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I pretty much exclusively wear cheaper pants meant for actual work at my cushy desk job. I’m a fan of Dickies 874, Levi’s 501/505 (new or vintage), Stan Ray painters & fatigues, Carhartt work pants, and Rothco cargo pants (sizing can be kinda tricky).	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone else hate literally everything they put on?	labels:I have no advice but I was FEELING this today! I actually just got done packing up a bunch of freshly washed clothes to donate tomorrow... I’m just sick of everything in my closet. I gained some weight this past year and I’ve been depressed so my outfits just don’t bring me the joy they used to. Just wanted to say I feel your pain, and thanks for writing this cuz I need the advice too!!	episode_done:True
text:Best 2020 pajamas?!	labels:I honestly prefer night gowns. Does that make me weird? I swear I’m not 80. I just can’t stand bottoms twisting as I toss and turn. Anyways, I have the hardest time finding nightgowns that aren’t made for the elderly or aren’t lace nighties. I just want a cute and soft night gown! Until then I’m also in the oversized T-shirt camp.
text:give me a reason: inspo from multiple sources	labels:you just came and dropped your inspo album? power move	episode_done:True
text:Buy Sell Thread - December 07, 2020	labels:BARACUTA G9 in NAVY, size 38  New with tags  Asking $199 + shipping. That is a phenomenal price for this jacket; I'm only selling because it was a little too small for me
text:My only option at this point is indoors fitpics. They suck so hard that I'm really close to going into fitpic hibernation even if all of my best fits are still forthcoming with coat szn approaching	labels:	episode_done:True
text:WAYWT - December 07, 2020	labels:	episode_done:True
text:End sent me the wrong item by mistake and I've sent 2 emails within 10 days and still haven't got a reply. The item I receive is worth less than what I bought.   Edit: they got back to me	labels:Honestly. I think they are overwhelmed and understaffed. I called their phone number and spoke with a rep. Problem solved. Their Email response time is horrible. This is the number I called from USA +1 202-769-5254	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Casual Tailoring	labels:!mfaimagebot 26  Whats the name of that style of jumper?
text:I say AE as well. I will only buy their jeans. I tried Old Navy and they made my knees hurt. It’s like they don’t put the knee in the right place on their tall/long pants. AE has not steered me wrong.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What Are Your Regional Fashion Stereotypes?	labels:North Dakota: I joke that Dakota use to be one state but the Northern part was named North Dakota in a sponsorship deal with "The North Face." Everyone here wears that or Under Armour. The older people dress like the guys from Letterkenny though.	episode_done:True
text:Sorry, but I love you now and its too late for that to change.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 29	labels:I have Levi’s 513 Quincy. Love the wash, but they are super tight in the crotch. Anyone know of similar washes in a different fit? I honestly don’t even think it’s the fit, just the weight of the denim plus 100% cotton.	episode_done:True
text:And an assload of succulents.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:/r/financialindependence	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Down Jackets	labels:I always used to freeze in winter til you guys introduced me to down. I've got 2 Eddie Bauer winter jackets, one big and poofy but slim, and one that's slim with 800 down. Both are fantastic.	episode_done:True
text:Closet Organization By Color	labels:I have my clothing organized not only by color but by similar hues and tones. Like I don't just throw all my pinks together. Light muted pinks go with light muted pinks, baby pinks go with baby pinks, and so on.	episode_done:True
text:I have a few go-tos: • eberjey - feminine but not overly so, they have the absolute softest jersey fabric, it’s like butter it’s so soft • lunya - more androgynous and minimalistic, a bit more on the expensive side but their washable silk is excellent • ll bean robes - we just got these for my whole family for Christmas, and we’re all obsessed • chelsea peers nyc - on the less expensive and for younger folks side, but you can always find some trendy gems and they last a surprisingly long time • onzie - a yoga/ballet brand with some excellent choices in loungewear, I don’t think they have robes though • two more brands that I know people love but I have never bought myself: Nia the brand and monrow clothing, again I don’t think either of these do robes but the loungewear in general seems to be of high quality	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Cyberpunk and Fashion | A Video Essay | 40 Minutes	labels:I’m going to use Cyberpunk 2077 terms for this comment, but it applies to the genre as a whole.   This video is great, but it focuses on the more “street kid” aesthetic. I’d love a look at some corpo/higher class clothing in the Cyberpunk genre.
text:I agree, I've never understood what people are doing in the laundry to make their clothes literally fall apart after a few washes. Washing on the hottest setting and drying high heat, maybe?  Ive legitimately never had anything fall apart in the wash ever and I dont take particular care other than cold water and low heat in the dryer (plus not chucking things like sweaters, dress shirts and leggings in the dryer at all). And I used the communal machines in my apartment!	labels:The washing machine at my apartment is very rough on clothing. It's a top loader with an agitator and the machines are 'twin thin' (very small). My clothing goes through the ringer in that machine. I don't know how, but my clothing gets knotted up into a huge wet ball. Sometimes the clothing ball is stuck to the agitator and you just have to blindly yank around until it comes loose. But after I realized the machine sucks... I didn't put anything nice/delicate in it ever again.  So yeah.. If your washing machine sucks, hate to break it to you, but you need to hand wash anything you aren't willing to sacrifice to the laundry gods.
text:Jackets are great	labels:	episode_done:True
text:ha ha, I wish I'd known about this brand nine months ago, I blew a wedge of cash in the Eric Bompard sale and not sure I can justify any more knitwear for the time being.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:ModCloth Returns to “Independent” Ownership	labels:Reading through the comments it really seems like Modcloth's problem has been consistency of quality all along, and not just since the Walmart takeover. I personally used to shop the website a lot, (especially for quirky jewelry and accessories!) and while I have a soft spot for many of those pieces (especially the blazer I mentioned under another comment) now that I'm really sitting here thinking about it there were def others that didn't last well or look as good in person. I also started thinking about how at that age pretty much all my income was disposable (living at home, no kids) so I guess it didn't bother me as badly if something wasn't worth what I paid for it, especially if it was cute enough to make an outfit with once or twice. So maybe the real issue with the site is its failure to adapt to its customer base's changing needs. Or, alternatively, to attract new and younger customers by staying on trend. I think there's probably a market for quirky but still trendy pieces , but a "vintage" aesthetic is a hard sell when thrifting is much more common now (not to mention cheaper and more responsible).	episode_done:True
text:Prl and its not even close	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Feeling self-conscious with changing style around family - anyone relate? Tips?	labels:I eventually transitioned from wearing men's band shirts every single day (seriously I had like 30) to feminine clothing (age 17-19). Generally, I didn't even bother bringing it up to my family and they never commented on it. That said, I still felt totally embarrassed going from tom boy to standard women's clothing.  I'd say if they aren't commenting on it, just do you. If they start acting weird, try opening up a dialogue with them as to why they're having a reaction to your clothing. But it's very normal for people to change styles, especially at your age. Even if they do care, just dress in whatever makes you happy and they'll likely drop it. You'll feel uncomfortable but it's easier over time.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 01, 2021	labels:This might be a dumb question, but is the "Basic Bastard" post dated or is it still a trustworthy guide?
text:What can I wear when I have a medical issue that makes my waistline change a lot?	labels:Buy pants that are cut bigger and then wear suspenders, that way they won't bunch up like with a belt.
text:FAQ: What are the different use cases of boat shoes, moccasins, driving shoes, and loafers?	labels:There's so much overlap between all the handsewn types, they're largely interchangeable. A lot of what people will tell you are rules or use cases are largely based on association and nothing really concrete.  Moccasins are a really good first step from "not a sneaker" without being a dress shoe. I find them incredibly easy to wear in most seasons, they pair well with many things that are fairly casual, they're pretty comfortable, and age well.  **Boat Shoes** have negative associations with prep/frats but just by association. In areas other than the Northeastern US (imo) they are much more neutral. No one associates them with frats on the west coast of Canada where I am, for example. But, of course, frats are a fairly uniquely American institution.  They tend to work best in warmer weather as the lower vamp and commonly sueded interior is quite light and good for wearing barefoot. They were, of course, designed to be worn on sailboats, so they're at home around the water and make a good beach shoe.  **Camp Mocs, Ranger Mocs, and Blucher Mocs** all fill a particular niche of being nicely casual shoes that are a bit more refined than sneakers, but pair easily with most non-synthetic casual wear. They make great seasonal transition wear (spring/fall) as they're lighter than boots but can be worn with thicker socks. They also have a variety of sole options from simple leather to treaded Vibram that can be selected for your environment and use case.  If you're used to wearing sneakers all the time, they can be a great introduction to leather shoes - imo in many cases better than boots, as they are often less expensive and easier to wear in many situations.  **Loafers** are often a bit more formal (but not always!) and can transition into business casual/formal wear. Some loafers can be worn with tailored wear (sport coats/suits). It will depend on the exact form, sole, leather, and color. Loafers can also be very casually, having a lot of crossover with moccasins, but again depending on the above factors.
text:General Discussion - December 18, 2020	labels:> You gotta be ~ attractive ~ to wear $thing. Rules 1 and 2 brooooo  >> This isn't helpful advice and isn't true.  > It's just a ~ j o k e ~ bro! Calm down.   >*3 paragraphs on why it's not a joke and no one should wear this*
text:A warning for H&M Online Purchases	labels:I had recently ordered from H&M and it took about 2 weeks, which I was alright with.
text:Natural Fibres	labels:My favorite is Eileen Fisher! Lots of it is organic also.   Gap, Old Navy, and Target have some nice cotton pieces and linen blends that last a good long while and are comfortable.	episode_done:True
text:Ordered from Shoe The Bear (rant, experience in post)	labels:virtually identical	episode_done:True
text:I want to be that bada*** biCTH (Ik it's spelt wrong, it's meme bro lol sry. Plus idk if we can swear, I don't post) tl;dr at the end cuz I tend to rant :)	labels:Now I am by far not a confident person, but somehow I don't care for shit about other people's stares, unless they're catcalling me or something. You being a woc does not make you less badass, I am not a woc but you ladies are literally stunning as hell and your skin tone doesn't prevent you from being the baddest bitch in your block. So what if you're not a skinny white girl, it's not like a certain skin tone or weight determines whether you can be an egirl or not. You are capable to be the baddest egirl being woc and not beansprouty. I'm not sure what to tell you about your family, but I know a girl who would always put on something baggy over something revealing at home and before she left for school, then take it off. That could possibly be an option for when you get to go outside, or just dress like that in your room or something. When I started wearing clothes I thrifted instead of shopping at my small town's h&m or the other 3 fast fashion stores I thought I would get judged, but actually quite the contrary happened and I got compliments on my vintage clothes. I'm not exactly dressing edgy,more very colourful, but at least from people our age, they don't seem to judge edgy clothes. And honestly, when talking about strangers and not family members, I don't think anyone actually judges that hard. Seriously, why care anyway? Other than sorta needing to conform to social norms when looking for a job, like when you need professional pictures for a CV because egirl makeup isn't seen as "professional" or whatever, there's nothing you have to lose. You're not losing friends over glittery makeup and short plaid skirts, if anything, they might rather admire you for your cool new style. And strangers? They're strangers anyway, you won't ever see that mean ass grandma at the grocery store who frowned at your eyeliner ever again, it's not like you dress and do your makeup for her. You'll be a super pretty egirl, you can do that shit
text:Organizing Closet: Help!	labels:Have you looked at subs like r/declutter and r/konmari?  There may be some other helpful threads about this, or you may want to cross post it there.	episode_done:True
text:Favorite brands to thrift?	labels:I find it very very hard to pass up J. Crew	episode_done:True
text:Dressing for “housework” vs “working from my house”	labels:Why wear shoes at all if you're home? I wear shearling slippers when it's cold, and just socks when it's not.
text:Your 2021 trend predictions?	labels:I think we'll see an adjustment on the enormous puffy sleeves and ruffles, and a trend towards fitted long-line pieces - still historically inspired but with more of an emphasis on ornamentation than on silhouette. Nods to the roaring 20s: gems, jewels, metallics continuing to be prominent; dramatic makeup; heels making a resurgence.
text:Best use of EG  Most MFA fit  Biggest snub	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Grad/Masters Fashion Program Reality?	labels:Grad school is usually not worth it unless there is a very specific thing you want to do that requires it. There are many more people with advanced degrees than positions to be filled.
text:Everyone’s opinions on Youtube fashion channels?	labels:I used to spend all of my free time watching beauty guru videos. I learned pretty quickly how badly that impacted me! Watching beauty content on a much more controlled scale, avoiding hauls, etc helped a lot so once I started getting into fashion I applied the same logic.  Pixielocks is my favorite fashion influencer. Her video about Lirika Matoshi's Strawberry Dress really transformed the way I think about clothing, got me to quit fast fashion, led me to my favorite brands (Big Bud Press & Mokuyobi), and gave me the inspiration I needed to finally start building a real wardrobe for myself instead of just living in "good enough" clearance rack finds. Her entire house and wardrobe is almost 100% my aesthetic so following her on Youtube and Instagram makes me happy.  I also really like these channels, although I watch them less.  - The Stitchess. Her style isn't as close to mine but her videos are very informative and interesting to me. - Karolina Żebrowska. Her fashion history videos are so cool! - Rachel Maksy. Her sewing videos are very inspiring.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 05, 2020	labels:Looking for raw denim feels like such a cluster fuck I have one pair of target jeans I've worn for the last 2 to 3 years they are stretch tho so I worry about using the measurements from that pair and any time I do find a pair I think could work its out of my Size. Oh well I guess I'll just have to make sure I can return the next pair I buy
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 16, 2020	labels:May I know if Norwegian split toe (NST) derbies are considered a decent pairing with chinos and casual shirts for a smart casual dress code (for work)?
text:I'm up in Wisconsin, fashion goes out the door at a certain coldness.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:[First Impressions] Carmina horsebit loafers in white leather	labels:If your dad wore shoes like this when you were growing up, you 100% have siblings you've never met.	episode_done:True
text:Clarks agrees £100m private equity deal	labels:Apart from the desert boot, desert trek and wallabee low i would never buy any Clarks shoes.	episode_done:True
text:Accessories newbie and am not sure where to start...what are your must-have starter pieces?	labels:My most essential accessories:  * work purse * weekend purse * going out purse * day to day versatile earrings * day to day statement earrings * fancy event statement earrings * going out statement earrings * short day to day necklace * pendant necklace * statement necklace * day to day ring (hand washing friendly) * cocktail ring (a big one that is fun for parties) * Bracelets - these are hard for me day to day, they get in the way of typing. I think they are better served for weekends and parties. I have a full range, but I go in waves on wearing them often. If you are more jewelry maximal, having a said of wear every day bracelets and fancy occasion ones is the right wardrobe. But the shapes you should choose vary based on wrist size and preferences. I like cuffs over bangles. And I do not like tennis bracelets, I am not a delicate jewelry person.  Sources?   * local craft events * Coach - bags, occasionally costume jewelry * Kate Spade - I like their whimsical costume jewelry, the bags are OK * I have some fave jewelry stores nearby: Crown Nine, Phillipa Roberts, Esquleto, Cielomar. I tend to like geometric shapes, and not colorful jewelry because I am really colorful in my wardrobe.  I generally don't love shopping on Etsy, it is hard to find the gold amongst all the stuff, I don't like the hunt, I like curated sources. Some things are well made and some things I could have made myself with no training. It is hard to discern based on a shop listing.	episode_done:True
text:Top Down / Aerial / Crotch Shot WAYWT	labels:Note: This is not a shitpost. This is an actual weekly thread for people to post outfit pictures from their perspective (i.e. Top Down). WAYWT stands for 'what are you wearing today?' though obviously you can share outfits you've worn before that within reason.  So please feel free to share.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/malefashionadvice) if you have any questions or concerns.*	episode_done:True
text:What is your favorite under-the-radar leather handbags / brand?	labels:Does it have to be real leather? Shay Mitchell’s travel brand [BÉIS](www.beistravel.com) makes vegan leather bags that are cute and functional but still reasonably priced.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 21, 2020	labels:Does anybody know who does manufacturing for Todd Snyder, Aimé Leon Dore, or any of the mid-market streetwear brands? I'm curious how they actually find somebody to build such quality products, seems like finding manufacturers is an insanely difficult task.
text:I mostly try to use the same clothes across hobbies, though maybe I can get away with this because I don't need specific clothes for hobbies.   For me summer is super thin wool. Fall and spring I add on a lightweight wool or puffer jacket. Winter I wear both the puffer and wool jacket and a rain coat to block the wind. Though I am worried about having too many clothes, so I was very careful about being able to layer across seasons. Having one coat for each season would be the problem for me. Having multiple that I can layer and get use throughout the year is fine.   I have a little linen that can be added in here and there for purely aesthetical reasons, worn between the lightweight wool and warmth layers.  I also work in tech, so it is all t-shirts and jeans, so I'm usually the one who is "over" dressed. I pretty much only work, hike and lounge at home. So everything I do is "casual." I haven't been to even a business casual event in over 6 years. So yes, lifestyle definitely means I just don't need many clothes.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:WEEKLY DEALZ!	labels:Eileen Fisher has $25 off of a $50 purchase!
text:Favorite unconventional workwear?	labels:I love wearing different colored shalwar/harem pants (in saffron, plum, navy), high waisted with a silk, sometimes cropped top (that doesn't actually show any skin), under a sleek, tailored blazer (or leather jacket depending on my mood/schedule) and long layered necklaces. I also go the opposite, slim fitted trousers and ponte pants with more whimsical tops. I'm not really pushing an boundaries because the industry I work in is pretty relaxed even for execs, but I definitely look a little different from most others in my office. I feel like I'm giving a nod to my love of hippie shit and my half Indian background at the same time, while looking professional and pretty polished
text:can you tell me the major difference b/w style and fashion?!	labels:Fashion is a collective, style is personal.	episode_done:True
text:Lessons from a Year of No New Clothes	labels:That's amazing! Im soo similar and my 2021 resolution is to do this too, I buy wayy to much to make me feel better and I love buying clothes but I honestly know I dont need them. So roll on 2021 to finally create a style	episode_done:True
text:Winter jackets that are good for skiing and casual use?	labels:Dont go crazy on a jacket.  The key for skiing is layers and you can get a lot of layers that work well in other settings.   A decent base layer:  you can go merino or if you are on a budget milsurp poly pro.  A fleece over that.  Next layer is a beefier jacket.  Right now I have a half zip Patagonia that is poly insulated.  Then get a waterproof(ish) layer.  You have a lot of options but I usually run with a marmot precip.  It's cheap, has pit zips and folds up way smaller than a hard shell. That combo will cover you skiing 90%of the time and let you adjust depending o N conditions. Flexibility is the key.  Take the money you save and get some good socks and gloves/mittens and some type of balaclava.  No one ever came off of the mountain because their chest was cold but it was their hands/feet/face.
text:Thank all of you	labels:Do not do what you are thinking about doing in the last part of your post. You are experiencing the beginner's high; you found something new and exciting and want to replace everything with it. One common rookie mistake for people that are new but not limited to fashion is to throw everything away and buy a completely new wardrobe only to regret it down the road because when the high went down, they realize they did not really enjoy some of the pieces.  You need time to process and enjoy your first part of AE. Let the initial 'honeymoon phase' calm down and see if you really like shoes. If you do and want to spend money, there are thousands of great shoe brands ($$-$$$) that you can read up on /r/goodyearwelt. AE is just a starting point.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 25, 2020	labels:What are some things to stay away from in ASOS? What brands do you avoid?	episode_done:True
text:I was the guy that started the struggle session like 5+ years ago about unsolicited body/fitness advice with regard to peoples' outfits which led to it becoming a sub rule. It never ends and it's such BS, anybody can drip, those attitudes have no place here	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Ohhh yeah, coconut buttons! I'll add those.  I don't know much about stitching. Care to share any sources?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 31, 2020	labels:We should have a "nicest motherfucker on reddit" award next year. There are some nice motherfuckers here.
text:Rant - I'm fed up with fashion and "expressing myself"	labels:Have you thought about uniform dressing? I'm not talking about a boring black t-shirt and jeans every day. I wear a dress, sweater, and black pair of shoes every day. In the winder I add tights/leggings and an ankle book (summer is black sandals). I never have to think too much about what I wear and I don't really have to make any decisions after I purchase the item. My dresses are really comfortable, all of them have pockets, and I get compliments constantly. Uniform dressing sounds really boring, but you can create a fun and unique type of uniform if you want.  I tried a capsule wardrobe earlier this summer. It had dresses, shirts, pants and shorts, but I went back just dresses because the capsule was too many decisions. I just pick a dress that is clean and move on with my day, but I also still have a distinct and unique style.
text:Favourite places to get your fall wool fix?	labels:Don’t forget to check out thrift stores. This is where I stock up on cashmere sweaters for a few dollars a piece, wool skirts, kilts, sweaters, vests, and cardigans, and amazing wool blazers and coats. I’ve found mint condition mohair and camel hair 3/4 coats for as low as $10, black cashmere sweaters for $2-3 and up, and cable knit pullovers for as low as $4. It’s amazing what people get rid of, not realizing how expensive it all is new. I also loooove wool in the fall and winter, and so this has been a super affordable way to build a dream cold-weather wardrobe.   The only thing wool I buy new are socks for the most part, everything else I’ve found at estate sales, garage sales, and thrift shops. When/if you go, definitely go through the boys and men’s departments, too. A bit of tailoring can make anything look custom like some of the pieces on Walker Slater maybe.
text:Best 2020 pajamas?!	labels:I honestly prefer night gowns. Does that make me weird? I swear I’m not 80. I just can’t stand bottoms twisting as I toss and turn. Anyways, I have the hardest time finding nightgowns that aren’t made for the elderly or aren’t lace nighties. I just want a cute and soft night gown! Until then I’m also in the oversized T-shirt camp.
text:Nah it's still good you'll just find that everything fits looser/straighter than what the basic Bastard might imply.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Styling suggestions: Have an item you don’t know how to wear? Comment here and let someone style it for you!	labels:I have a black latex pencil skirt that hits just below the knee. The thing I struggle with most is what kind of shoes to pair it with, but I'd love whole outfit suggestions, too.
text:Sith-Wave/Jedi-Core: A Star Wars Inspo Album	labels:HELL. YES.	episode_done:True
text:Has anyone else ever tried on a designer item just to see what the hype is about?	labels:I used to do modeling and wore a lot of designer stuff for shoots. They're just clothes, some are comfortable and some are not. I was never overly impressed.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 14, 2020	labels:Can an overcoat that falls to the top of my knee work without a jacket underneath?  It's like Chris Evans' from Knives Out but dark red, and I know he wears it without a jacket underneath.
text:If you had $5,000 to What-Not-To-Wear style re-do your whole wardrobe, how would you do it? What would be your process? What would you prioritize?	labels:You know what? I’m middle aged and secure in my job. I’d go full cyber goth. Not even joking. I’ve spent my whole life trying to dress appropriately for my work and lifestyle and it’s boring me. I have all kinds of office appropriate slacks and cardigans and button up shirts in cutesy patterns, casual jeans and sensible shoes. I want to wear plastic corsets and fluorescent clip in braids and platform combat boots.
text:Does anyone else use a “formula” to create their outfits?	labels:I don't have a system per se. Rather, I have a kind of "capsule" mindset for my wardrobe: not too many statement pieces, and everything in my color palette (black, grey, Ivory, Navy, taupe, blush). I honestly haven't had to think about an outfit in years (outside of accounting for the weather). I can pick up practically any blouse, trousers, jacket, and accessory and they are almost guaranteed to match. I do find myself gravitating to layers (sweater over a blouse, cardigan over a top, etc) but I'm not too specific about it and I usually just choose whatever sounds most comfortable.  It works so well that I started doing this with lingerie too -only buying my lingerie in black, blush, or nude. Now my underwear always matches and it gives me the strength of ten men.	episode_done:True
text:What trousers do people wear these days?	labels:Honestly because of WFH, I've been living in leggings or yoga pants.	episode_done:True
text:Hi a fan of Boden, I'm Dad! :)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 24, 2020	labels:Bought a used navy Suit Supply jacket recently. It seems to have been meant to use as a suit, but I was thinking about using it as a blazer or sport coat. Would using an "orphaned suit jacket" in this way be a bad idea? If so, there are two other options I've considered:  * Replacing the color matching navy buttons with the contrasting brass buttons you usually find on dedicated navy blazers * Buying a pair of navy Suit Supply trousers and using it as a suit  Which one of these three would be the best way to go?
text:Top Down / Aerial / Crotch Shot WAYWT	labels:Looks like a drunk who slept it off on a bus.	episode_done:True
text:Colour/Style Matching - How do I figure out the potential of my wardrobe?	labels:I'd suggest rotating your wardrobe. Every day, pick a different item that you haven't worn before and try to style it. This helps me to see the holes in my wardrobe and I get more practice matching things together too. I try not to wear the same things too often- after all I paid for those things sitting in the back of my wardrobe so I want to wear them lol	episode_done:True
text:I feel you man, I've been having repeated disappointments with clothes not fitting when I get them, to the point that receiving packages comes with more apprehension than excitement sometimes. I've also been taking a bit of a break from looking at clothes; I hope you can get the vaccine soon :)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are your go-to basic fall tops? I’m talking long sleeve tees, sweatshirts, turtlenecks etc!	labels:Second hand merino and cashmere hoodies!  J.Crew vintage cotton longsleeve Ts. 'Love the rust and olive ones so much I bought two.   Second hand Eileen Fisher sweaters.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 06, 2020	labels:Casual derby to wear with jeans/chinos in the 2-300 range?	episode_done:True
text:What are your tips for dressing a big chest!	labels:I always thought the clean minimalist look was due to colour. I usually wear black and white, or tan. I also like high neck bodysuits which are really in style now, and look really clean and chic with a pair of slacks or even jeans	episode_done:True
text:I get your perspective. We all have our own strengths and weaknesses & things we choose to focus on. Some of them are silly.  &#x200B;  I don't think it matters that much.   &#x200B;  But I'd rather keep a spare white shirt around if possible like someone already mentioned instead of leaning into the table when I eat. But to each their own. Or just get my clothes dirty... it may happen anyway.	labels:Admittedly messier-eater-than-I'd-like, here too. I'm in the same boat - I've been more conscientious of not letting oil splatter while cooking, being more careful while eating, etc. I have become better at this, but to OP's point, it's easier said that done to change a habit you've carried for decades.	episode_done:True
text:I've been saving up salt like I'm going into the cracker business.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:NTA! The real villain is, as always, colonialism.  Sincerely,  Jonathan Swift	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Knee-high boots, classy heels, or trendy sneakers?	labels:I'm in the north where there's usually snow/slush around. It's basic sneakers and classic ankle boots for me :)	episode_done:True
text:Can you share pics? That is how I wanna dress	labels:	episode_done:True
text:My incomplete guide for buying less in 2021	labels:I’m thinking on this and I bought two pairs yoga pants w pockets in January, a new bathing suit for a trip in Feb, a dia box in March but sent most back after I was laid off, a Halloween shirt, and VC knickers last week. That’s all the clothes I bought this year!	episode_done:True
text:Omg yes! Like give me the alt fashion but tweak it a tiny bit for work!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Is fast fashion really fast fashion if you get years of use out of the garments?	labels:The most sustainable choice is the one that is already in your closet. If you already own something that wasn’t made ethically or sustainably, there’s no benefit in trashing it if you still like it and can use it. In a similar vein, there’s already so much clothing out there, that buying something second hand that’s still in good shape is often an option.  I think aritzia and j crew are still fast fashion, just more expensive fast fashion than old navy or forever 21- they’re still introducing tons of new products and feeding in to the consumerist drive to have the newest things.   No one is perfect, but we can strive to reduce our impact on an individual scale and aim to reduce our purchases, focus on buying used when it’s possible and try to purchase ethical and local when it’s not.  I definitely am not perfect on this front, but I try and buy from consignment shops as a first choice when I want something, and I’m working to choose smaller brands that have clear supply chains and ethical manufacturing. If it’s made in Canada (where I’m from) then that’s awesome.  At the end of the day I hope that my fashion choices exploit the least number of people and has the lowest environmental impact possible, and often that looks like me telling myself I don’t really need the new thing, even if I think it’s amazing and really really want it	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 25	labels:For future reference-what’s a good outfit for when you’re going to a brewery with your parents and you’re not trying to impress people but you also want to look semi decent?  For fall weather because I don’t get cold easily and I’m enjoying the end of the days where it’s acceptable to wear Nike crew socks: flannel or Patagonia with a t shirt, khaki shorts, crew socks and 574s  For the winter: fleece lined jean jacket, hoodie, chinos and bean boots
text:Even employed people aren't willing to pay $50 for a tee.	labels:It doesn't cost that much more to make a US made tee.  There are a lot of companies trying to price gouge US made stuff.  When American Apparel tried to bring back US made items their MiUSA tees only MSRP'd at $4 higher than the import tees.  Back when Everlane use to make tees in the US their total cost listed for them was $6.50.	episode_done:True
text:Never buy anything from FILA.com	labels:Just want to say, i absolutely love how this problem started. Makes me want to pull the trigger on a yellow xterra.
text:What are you hoping to buy on Black Friday?	labels:I'm hoping to score some underwear on sale! My friend suggested Arq and Boodywear because I like full coverage and a higher waist. I cheaped out earlier this year and bought some old school Hanes but they are so baggy and depressing...
text:can you tell me the major difference b/w style and fashion?!	labels:Fashion is collective, is what's trendy. Style is personal. Sometimes the 2 overlap but most times people with style are wearing items that are not considered in fashion.   For example a celebrity has a distinct style (eg Billy Eilish). If everyone started dressing like her, then it will be in fashion.	episode_done:True
text:How do I know I’m not being scammed?	labels:I know that legitimate IG shops exist. But for me personally, any IG shop I've "discovered" has clearly been either a scam or uses drop-shipping. I simply refuse to shop on IG all together.  I really recommend thrifting and organizing clothing swaps with friends (if/when safe, of course!) and/or using online alternatives like Poshmark, as someone else suggested.	episode_done:True
text:I love ModernGurlz! Her commentary is so in depth and easy to understand, and the chanel has content about fashion trends and costume design in movie and tv. Ive learned so much since I found the chanel	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Do you follow the conventional rules around "flattering your figure?"	labels:I guess I don't really follow them because as a pear shape the advice is usually to emphasize the other body parts to draw attention away from the hips. But I like my butt, so I don't feel like I need to specifically hide it.  Also I think bootcut or flare jeans that are usually recommended just make my legs look like columns, and slimmer pants actually show that  I have slim legs and ankles (which to me looks nicer). I think a lot of this advice was based on the idea that the goal is to look as skinny as possible, so if anything is sticking out it needs to be obscured. My mom said she never wore jeans in the 80s/90s because she thought her butt was too big for them, and it's not even a particularly huge butt. So at the time the hourglass ideal was just overshadowed by the need to not look "fat" it any way (especially in the 90s).
text:General Discussion - January 18, 2021	labels:Hit 495x5 on deadlifts this weekend.  My wife was at the park with the boys and noticed someone putting out some furniture on the side of the road. We snagged a MCM solid walnut double bedframe we think we can flip for ~$250 and an MCM tallboy dresser for free.
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge Announcement: 6 Degrees of Separation	labels:This sounds fun. Might try to do this across multiple days and see if anyone notices in my personal life besides my wife. Lol.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 11, 2020	labels:What are the best slim fitting pants/jeans for boots.  I love my boots, but I hate the baggy look they can give off sometimes with certain jeans   Don’t really wanna do bootcut but will if I have too. Any relaxed fit types?	episode_done:True
text:No no, you have your priorities straight :)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:For those who actually MISS clothes/makeup/getting dressed up.	labels:Yes, I have kept my clothes low key but have been wearing bags that are inappropriate 😂 it makes me feel better to have a peek of the star I am, showing 😂	episode_done:True
text:Chelsea boots under €200	labels:Try Herrings Shoes. They outsource the manufacturing, mainly to Spain and Portugal (UK on more expensive ones), but the pricing is rather competitive. Ships over from the UK. The Herrings Ipswitch and the Herrings MacclesField are well under 200 Euros, even including VAT and shipping.  My personal recommendation is the Herrings Chichester. The Herrings Purcell is perfect, but a tad too expensive.	episode_done:True
text:How to shop ThredUp and avoid the junk?	labels:I've never tried to sell on ThredUp but everything I've gotten from there has been great! The filters are your friends!	episode_done:True
text:Inspo: From the BIPOC Owned Small Business Thread	labels:Is there a reason your album links don't work?
text:What's your Best Leggings Outfits?	labels:You never thought of wearing something originally designed as work out gear to...basically work out in?  I'm sorry, but I really just don't understand that. Like, 90% of leggings are made for doing athletic things. Or pretending you will, hence 'athleisure  wear'.
text:Favorite unconventional workwear?	labels:I love fancy robes though it’s hard to find ones that don’t look like bathrobes. I find sleek minimalist structured robes can look pretty business. Or ones with weird details like I got this one from a sample sale that’s made of a strange mesh fabric with grommets. It looks like I work at an art school but can look businessy in some environments.	episode_done:True
text:Where do you get good quality, legit wool sweaters that won't rip/shrink after washing?	labels:Imo uniqlo is pretty good quality	episode_done:True
text:Are there any actual fashion trends in 2020?	labels:we must be living on different planets.   lingerie as camisoles, fur trim everything, distressed tops, denim skirts, sweater vests, low rise pants, straight leg replacing skinny jeans, patchwork jeans, patterned tights, flared leggings, corset tops, fur lined boots, super tall platform shoes, juicy tracksuits, animal prints, tie dye, hand and leg warmers, fluffy bags, all were super popular trends last year. this has been the most trend heavy year in my memory, I could barely keep up.
text:Good quality and functional messenger bags	labels:Crumpler!!! Can’t stress this enough, made in Australia and have a legit LIFETIME warranty. Really high quality with heaps of colourways and styles	episode_done:True
text:What does your shoe wardrobe look like? What are your shoe essentials?	labels:I love shoes and would gladly buy more, but also don’t want to waste space for shoes that serve no purpose. I’m a moderatist.   Heels:  Nude pumps - Louboutin  Ombré Strauss heels - Rene Caovilla  Champagne Hangisi pumps - Manolo  Strauss sandals with clear heel - Steve Madden  Rockstud dupe heels - Kaitlyn Pan  Nude sandals - Vince Camuto  White mules - Louise Et Cie  Grey suede sandals - Sam Edelman  Black pumps - Sam Edelman  Beige suede cutout sandal - Marc Fisher   Wedges:  Cream tie wedges - Soludos  Tan strap wedges - Treasure & Bond   Flat Sandals:  Brown strappy sandals - Aquazurra  Gold strappy sandals - Dolce Vita  White thong sandals - Payless  Black thong sandals - Old Navy   Ankle boots:  Black suede booties - Blondo  Beige side cutout flat boots - Vince camuto  Black sock booties - Leith  Brown ankle booties - Forever 21   Tall boots:  Beige knee high suede boots - Stuart Weitzman  Black over the knee suede boots - Stuart Weitzman  Black knee high leather boots - Halston Heritage  Brown leather riding boots - Franco Sarto   Sneakers:  Pink perforated slip on shoes - Sperry  Black converse shoes - Target (collab with Converse)  Pink sneakers - New Balance  Grey running shoes - Nike  Slip on grey sneakers - Sketchers   Flats:  Nude ballet flats - Banana Republic  Black loafers - Cole Haan  Black pointed toward flats - Cole Haan  Snakeskin dorsay flats - Target   Edit: formatting	episode_done:True
text:Black denim for pants, and then you can get more exciting for the top. I like wearing my black chelsea boots with a sweater or suede jacket.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 27	labels:What color tops go well with burgundy pants?
text:Guys who lost a lot of weight, how did you change your style?	labels:I lost about 15kg over the course of a year  I just bought the same things, but smaller	episode_done:True
text:Yo yo yo yo yo!   Looking forward to your first fit! What’s been catching your eye so far?	labels:I will go towards s minimalist capsule wardrobe. I got rid off 2 bags of clothes and only needed a new pair of denims and 2 extra button downs. Will start combining and reassess everything in a month, eventually upgrading in quality and switching out items.	episode_done:True
text:When your personality and aesthetic don't quite match?	labels:Sounds like there's a problem with your bf, not your style.
text:colour appearance. knit is more matte than woven	labels:	episode_done:True
text:My Wardrobe Post: Based on what I currently have, what should I wear with what? And an essay reflecting on learning to dress better.	labels:Christ you’re gorgeous and you’ve really put a lot of thought into this.  I looked at your albums (HS til work, and the wardrobe) and perhaps I might’ve missed it but I think you’d look great with a plain tee + button up (tucked in, unbuttoned 1/3 ~ halfway). Maybe roll your sleeves up too?  I also really liked the sweater + collared (I assume a button up) outfit, but I guess the Texas weather ain’t great for that—but I’d love to see you in smart casual. I’m curious how’d you look like with glasses in these types of outfit—it’ll lean towards the nerdy side if that’s your thing. I also think a plain white button up for work would be nice—although it’s common and boring if you wear it right it’ll look great.  Try cardigans? I only skimmed through your future purchase so if you were planning on getting it, oops.  And the Adam Driver resemblance is uncanny—I can’t tell if I prefer you with long hair. You look great in both the work/WAYWT length hairs.  Korean men fashion is somewhat similar to the Japanese fashion style but I think there’s more so if you wanna look into that too.   I know very little about men’s shoes but I think finding more (semi) formal (?) options (leather... etc;) would benefit your outfit in the long run.  I can’t wait to see where you go with all of this!	episode_done:True
text:My favorite pair of shoes. Starting to phase them out after 5 years since they seem to be too played out	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I made a Hoodie spreadsheet to help you with sizing	labels:Does anyone have the Camber?  I’m looking for pit to pit measurements on it.  The spreadsheet looks great, but doesn’t seem to have actual measurements, right?
text:Shitpost Saturday: Naughty or Nice?	labels:Simply put, I'm on the naughty list because I dared to wear something that wasn't ethical and beige. I just wanted to feel sexy at home by myself, but I know that I have sinned.	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge: Dress Like An Architect OR Pacific Northwest Style	labels:how does an architect dress?    edit: downvoting won’t answer the question.
text:So uh, what’s the trends for fall this year?	labels:im seeing lots of argyle, sweater vests, and pleated skirts! also seeing lots of huge sweatpants in streetwear styles  dark+light academia seems to be the popular aesthetic tbh
text:FAQ: What is the environmental impact of different fabrics?	labels:Anything that's sustainably farmed will have a positive or neutral environmental impact. Traditionally raised cattle for example extract carbon from the atmosphere so therefore the environmental impact of suede would be positive unless you're shipping the fabric long distances.
text:what do yall wear to the gym (or at home if you work out there)	labels:Q: why do i wear a braided leather belt in the gym?   A: to hold up my fukkin corduroys
text:Same...there have been SO many good deals on things, I've been stocking up for when I do have to go back! Meanwhile I'm wearing pajamas every day!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:My incomplete guide for buying less in 2021	labels:"Would I be willing to get this repaired if there was a failure?"  This has definitely made me a lot more picky, and mostly got me looking at smaller shops that cater to my needs.	episode_done:True
text:Which pieces make you feel like you’re really cool?	labels:I think I've got two looks I feel really cool in that play into my personal masculine/feminine duality as a queer/genderfluid person. :)   The first is just my black leather jacket, big red sweater, black flared miniskirt, some bold patterned tights and booties. Pretty feminine in a badass way.  The other is my brown leather jacket (yes, leather jackets for everyone), my white men's buttondown, some dark blue jeans and some brown booties -- although I guess I'd wear brown Oxfords with this if I actually owned those or really had a place for them in my life. I guess this is actually the outfit I feel the most confident in as I look super masculine in it, especially with my hair pulled back into a bun. I've actually gotten some weird stares, but that's what makes me feel even more powerful!	episode_done:True
text:Did you skip over the sentence “ ...much forgotten is the 90’s take on ’70s style, not as an exact replica but as a toned-down version of a wilder decade.” Seems pretty clear the references were the reinterpretation of the 70s by Tom Ford’s Gucci and other Italian designers.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Wow Sheertex killed tall? Sad. I found the regular to be short and bought the talls.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:LOL! Sartre also generally looked like pretty shitty too, I was torn between him and Chalmers for the "philosophers who don't look good" thing but it felt unfair since he just has a rough looking face and dressed unremarkably. Got my hyperlinks bungled. Fixed, thanks.	labels:No problem. Cool post by the way, I studied all of these philosophers in school but never knew what most of them dressed like. Most surprised by Chalmers lol	episode_done:True
text:Do you think that designer brands will no longer be as sought after in the future?	labels:Someone has to buy the designer firsthand for the secondhand market to have its inventory (and the brand itself to have cachet). If anything, secondhand is providing a bridge for younger, less affluent consumers to buy into a brand and eventually become direct customers.
text:What's your Best Leggings Outfits?	labels:Leggings with a tank top, nice cardigan on top and some earrings and/or a necklace is always an easy comfy-cute outfit for fall/winter! I also like doing cropped sweaters/hoodies and leggings (super comfortable but still shows off your shape). Or also long, tunic-like sweaters that fall nicely on my figure so that I don’t just look shapeless or boxy.	episode_done:True
text:How do you shop at TJ Maxx/Marshall’s?	labels:Check to see if you have one with Runway near you. On the store locator page it will have an R logo on ones with it. Those are the ones that sell the higher end contemporary/designer pieces (it’s separated into its own section, they have purple price tags). The best deals are when someone returns a runway item to one of the non-runway stores and they put it on clearance though. That’s obviously hit or miss. My absolute best finds are those returns during the yellow tag sales. One year I got a $500 beaded Parker dress for like $5.
text:General Discussion - November 08	labels:RIP, Alex Trebek.
text:General Discussion - November 07	labels:YOU’RE FIRED
text:What sort of secondhand stores do you shop at? My local thrift and consignment shops only have the recent, poor quality of items, but marked up because of the brand.	labels:Due to COVID, I am doing most of my secondhand shopping on poshmark and depop. You can get very good deals on vintage on poshmark, and it's a lot easier to find mid and plus sizes than vintage shops. Just include "vintage" in your search terms and look at product measurements. I thought I would never be able to find vintage jeans my size, until I realized that my modern size 12 is a 16/18 in 1980s vintage. Then I was able to find lots of denim.  When I go on road trips, I like to go to thrift stores in odd little places—they tend to be less picked over for the things I look for. You can also find good stuff at lower end vintage stores and vintage by the pound. There is a cute antique store that opened up near me with a vintage clothing room, and I got one of my favorite skirts there for about $25. It's a corduroy midi skirt from some western wear brand, probably late 1980s-early 1990s. Thredup doesn't really do vintage, but if you search brands you like regularly, you can get super good deals on nice brands. I got a basically new Ulla Johnson dress for $60. I am also in a few facebook groups for brands that I like for new resale.
text:Has anyone just said screw it and focused more on fit than color scheme for your outfits? What's an unlikely color combination that you ended up loving?	labels:That's kind of the point of fashion. Try whatever appeals to you and see if you like it or if it suits your needs. "Unlikely combinations" are what drives fashion forward.
text:Manifesto, the bizarre yet intriguing sneaker: world’s first asymmetrical shoe in mass production?	labels:Are we ever going to move past this ugly sneaker phase or is this just our life forever now?
text:General Discussion - October 22	labels:clarks announces *Desert Boot 2* is part of a larger extended desert boot universe
text:Creative pragmatism light	labels:I love their (Amy, Dione, and the Tibi brand) style but sometimes their pretentiousness irks me. They go like oh you can wear whatever you like but then they come up with 1000 rules about what should not be worn together. Anyway, if you like that style and also like to DIY things you can totally adjust regular items to look like Tibi ones. For instance, the asymmetrical shirt that closes a bit on the diagonal, the buttons that are used to pull up the sleeves, the ankle bands on some of their pants, etc. can all be recreated relatively easily and you don't need to spend 100s of $ on their "affordable" items (Amy's words, I always crack up when she boasts about how affordable Tibi clothes are).
text:A complete capsule wardrobe - casual version	labels:What, no chaps	episode_done:True
text:How often do you wash your clothes?	labels:Underwear/socks/masks: 1 wear  Tee shirts/tanks/cotton tops/flannels: 1-3 wears, depending on sweat level  Blouses (silks, fragile rayons, etc): As infrequently as possible--basically if I spill or they smell  Sweaters: Similar to blouses, but I tend to do all of these in one big go (delicate cycle in garment bags with a gentle wool/cashmere detergent then lay flat to dry), so some get tossed in earlier   Dresses: pretty much never unless I spill   Jeans: once a month ish, or when I spill on them. Washing helps get them back to shape if they start to bag out too much, and eventually they will start to smell  Workout clothes: 1 wear  PJs: 3 ish wears   Jackets: rarely--fleeces, sweatshirts, really anything soft will be more often, but if it's anything heavier than that I just spot treat stains	episode_done:True
text:Is fast fashion really fast fashion if you get years of use out of the garments?	labels:I’ve struggled with this as well. I think the most important thing is to just consume less. Easier said then done that’s for sure.   I’ve definitely had clothes from forever 21 last longer than aritzia. I’ve gotten clothing from thrift stores that have lasted me longer as well.	episode_done:True
text:What is that	labels:	episode_done:True
text:what are your fashion flaws?	labels:Maybe it’s not a flaw, but, whenever I find an outfit I like, I will wear it on repeat and then it becomes boring to me.
text:What's your fashion miracle?	labels:About a year ago (I think), Sandro was selling a white T-shirt with red block letters that said, “WOMEN WOMEN WOMEN”. I loved it when I saw it, so I went online to get it but it was sold out in my size.   A few months later, my cousin wanted to go to this outlet mall La Vallée Village, and she asked me to come along. There, I found that shirt in my size, for half price. :)	episode_done:True
text:I guess it depends on your circles. Many people I know wear cardigans and many brands I like sell cardigans.  Cardigans are already mainstream in my world.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Is anyone else intimidated by maximalism? I love it, but how do you do it?	labels:I'm a maximalist with a lower case m. I love prints, colors, textures, and patterns! I don't push the envelope as much compared to these photographs. Maybe one day? These are gold medal swimmers, I'm still at the doggie paddle stage. But I also love having a lot of options, I'm the exact opposite of a capsule wardrobe.	episode_done:True
text:Does Anyone Ever Feel Like It’s Hard to Find Basic Clothing Items That Were Plentiful in the Past?	labels:I think that’s an example of a style passed, along with bell bottoms and plaid dresses. I had two or three velvet dresses in the 90s or early 2000’s but I couldn’t replace them once they had worn out. I miss them!
text:Caruso Fall/Winter 2020	labels:Didn't know the Carushow was also the goat when it came to fashion.	episode_done:True
text:Alexander Wang faces sexual assault allegations	labels:So sweatshop allegations and now he’s drugging people and groping them? I’m starting to think this guy is a fucking terrible human
text:Style Lessons from Male-Presenting People: An Inspo Album	labels:I never really thought to take style inspiration for myself from men, despite the fact that I wear plenty of men's clothes, because I don't dress masc. How crazy is that? So many great looks in this album that got me thinking about how I could wear and style things, but do it in a way that I like!	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for this :) commending to save this for my future cashmere needs	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 08, 2021	labels:help me I am glued to twitter and cannot look away	episode_done:True
text:Actually Sustainable: How Brands Are Going Vintage	labels:Or buy fewer clothes of much better quality which suit your physique, in a colour which suits your complexion and of a style which is classic. Had most of my cashmere sweaters getting on for twenty years now. Likewise my John Smedleys. Trousers made to measure have had for around fifteen years.
text:Inspo Album: Small Asian-Owned Brands, Featuring Pockets & Architectural Details	labels:Dang, that Innitbangkok teal top with the shoulder drama, and the Our Second Nature print.  Im also going to check out SOE, I'm a sucker for textiles.  I love that you incorporated some actual architecture into the album.	episode_done:True
text:Awwwww. You do you, girl!!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I’ve seen people say this, but tbh hoarding is something completely different from eccentricity. Rich or not, if your living space is unsanitary because you have too much crap in your house or your spending addiction damages your life, then you’re a hoarder.  If you just have unconventional style or make whimsical choices (like carefully curating an unusual collection) then you’re eccentric.   These words have completely different definitions.	labels:Yeah, that was the idea of the joke. Maybe I’ll use an /s next time.	episode_done:True
text:another INTP here in a very similar boat!  my wardrobe is pretty careless because i have very little sense of what looks good together, and i tend to prioritize comfort and budget over everything else.  on the other hand, my actual *style* is like, witchy/goth and ridiculous - and i would totally wear a cape if i could pull it off! but i don't really have the energy to invest into making that a reality, and it's just not enough of a priority for me to focus on it.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:clothes that you've made or altered significantly by hand that you're particularly proud of?	labels:BOLT THROWER    That’s all I got.	episode_done:True
text:Lessons from a Year of No New Clothes	labels:Congrats! I did this in 2019 and I bought so much less in 2020 than I did in 2018. It's still really hard to resist buying clothing, but knowing I did it for a whole year without losing it does help.	episode_done:True
text:Technical/Labwear but make it fashion	labels:I've been inspired by the ladies in the lab that choose to do their hair nicely. Im part of the ponytail and bun club on the reg but Im slowly teaching myself different styles that keep hair out of my face and secured. They mostly involve braids or just one to add a little something extra. They are more akin to easy bridal updos.	episode_done:True
text:What are you wearing for Halloween this year?	labels:Don’t think I’ll dress up this year but the best costume parties I’ve been to have been themed. In 2012 I went to a party themed “famous literary characters” it was a really diverse group and it was so much fun figuring out who was who and talking about different books
text:Thank you for the advice! I think I'll go for H&M.  I'm based in a smaller european country where buying secondhand isn't really a thing but I'm gonna give it a chance anyway, it's possible things have changed since the last time I looked!	labels:You could try Vinted for Europe, depending on which country	episode_done:True
text:[Inspiration] Jewelry	labels:I wish a lot of contemporary men’s jewelry didn’t look quite as...upscale Spencer’s Gifts as some of this stuff does.	episode_done:True
text:But the second question is where to buy second hand from? For example near me we have the Salvation Army and a church thrift shop. I used to live next to a giant Salvation Army donation center and loved it, but after learning about their philosophy and some of the shady things they’ve done I no longer feel like I can ethically support them! Then supporting the local church thrift is also problematic given their stances on social issues! When I lived in California I was able to find some thrift stores that actually gave to causes I support (out of the closet etc) but now that I’m in the Midwest there aren’t any of these! I just want like a thrift store that donates to something like education or food banks without the religious/social aspect.	labels:Check your local paper, or google consignment stores near me. You'll be surprised at what you may find in your area that is not one of the big names. Most will have a FB page that you can check out who owns them. Another idea is there may be a store that is set up to do annual/seasonal pop up style consignment where they hold a sale from a Thursday-Saturday. And finally try Poshmark, while some folks like to do insane mark ups, there are other sellers who just want to move their stuff out. You can do offers and bundles that can help drive down the cost.	episode_done:True
text:How has your style grown/changed since before quarantine?	labels:Months of not being seen by anyone has helped me become more confident in whatever I want to wear - regardless of what anyone thinks. I stopped thinking "what will so-and-so be wearing" or "will I look too dressed \[up/down\]" and started wearing what I actually felt like. That has spilled over into the "not lockdown" part of my life and I feel amazing, because I broke a bad cycle of caring what anyone thinks. Because of this, I feel like I've finally figured out what my style is.	episode_done:True
text:Having a Tough Time Finding Retailers for My Style	labels:So, look, I don't want to tell you _not_ to do this, but if I've understood correctly you're looking at creating a bloodborne-inspired victorian/traditional wardrobe. There are elements of that style that have mainstream appeal today, high-waisted wool trousers being one example. However, when you take them in context with the more "interesting" elements you picked out it gives off serious cosplay vibes. Perhaps you should take the fact that the only places offering this sort of clothing are Etsy/cosplay stores as a hint that you should reconsider this idea.  You might be thinking, _what about the cyber goth vampire Rick Owens fits I see on this sub?_ It's a valid question. The key difference is that the style you're going for here has _such_ a strong association with cosplay and videogames and so little mainstream appeal that the number one association people are going to make is that you are cosplaying. Doubly-so if you're wearing cosplay-quality clothes from cosplay vendors. While the Rick Owens aesthetic may not have mainstream appeal it _is_ very accepted within fashion circles and _doesn't_ have that strong cosplay association.  So with that said my advice is to take what you've got and tone it down. Treat it like a high-fashion runway show and take inspiration from it instead of trying to recreate it 1:1. High-waisted trousers, great. Gaiters? Maybe just get some actual boots. Bloodborne-style woolen collars/scarves/hooded shawls? Wear a regular scarf that has an interesting shape or texture, or a shirt with a more exaggerated collar. Maybe the fact that you can't find retailers selling this kind of stuff is the limitation you need to make it work in the real world.  Or maybe I'm just talking complete shite and someone smarter than me can help you more. I hope that I've at least broken the ice and said what needed to be said so that people can try to constructively help you.
text:Thanks bro!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Flannel-lined chinos and jeans? Lands' End and LL Bean both make them.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 20	labels:Looking for a rain coat that could double as a regular coat. Under $100.	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone else have this style issue?	labels:It took me quite a bit of time and money to realise that there are some styles I like looking at but do not suit me - either my body type or my personality, or both.  The hardest to let go of was the sort of floaty, drapey, effortless boho style. I wanted to waft around the place like a modern Romantic whilst gardening and being all artsy and shit. But my shape is basically round with hints of hourglass, my personality is not best suited to wafting anywhere (I bounce, mostly), and show me mud or art supplies and I will be covered in them before I've actually got near them. And any skirt that's made of light enough material to drape and waft elegantly, or goes below my knees, is going to be ripped to shreds within a day. So yeah - I admire those looks on other people and have discovered a style I like, that's practical for me and reflects my personality a bit.	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Albums: No-Nonsense Professional and Stately Fantasy Princess	labels:When I saw the title I was hoping for a no-nonsense professional stately fantasy princess-- when your job is being a princess and you just need to get on with it
text:Big A$$ Clothes--An Oversize Inspo Album	labels:I love you for this.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 08, 2020	labels:So, socks...  I've lived in the southern US for all my life and will be moving to New England soon. I have no experience with wearing boots and I don't know anything about thick socks. What are you guys' go-to boot socks?
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Dress Like An Architect	labels:Nice submissions.   Then again, of the 20+ architects I've met in my life, none dress like this.   Definitely an interesting theme.
text:There's a lot to like about that era. And considering the 70s were 50 years ago...I think it's fair game.	labels:I was a kid in the 80s so to me the 70s will always look dated and ugly as far as esthetics go, but then there's a lot of great music and cinema from that era. I just don't feel like wearing bell bottoms and tight tops with wide lapels, but then again if people are into it, good for them.	episode_done:True
text:[Initial Impressions] Alden Ravello Indy Boots via The Shoe Mart	labels:Well damn - Merry Christmas to you!  Great pair - wear and enjoy!!!	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 26	labels:any recs for the following:  1. corduroy bucket hat (< $50)  2. turtleneck sweater, no wool ($100-150)	episode_done:True
text:Review your winter 2020/2021 outerwear: how did your coats and sweaters hold up this season? Would you recommend your specific brand to someone looking for warm layers. Did you add anything new to your winter wardrobe that stands out?	labels:I wouldn’t be able to say if my outerwear is holding up as it is still firmly winter and we’re in a pandemic in which I’m not going outside a lot in said outerwear.
text:General Discussion - October 30	labels:just wanna give a quick shout out to the guys who call me Ethan on here, bc my username is incredibly cringey lol
text:don't wake me, i plan on sleeping in: a sunday morning inspo album	labels:Dig this.	episode_done:True
text:Post-Baby Problems I Wish Someone Had Warned Me About	labels:This is terrifying thanks 😂😭
text:How do you dress in a casual work environment if you really enjoy fashion/dressing up?	labels:Everything about your style sounds fine except crop tops probably aren't a good idea for work even if not a lot of skin is showing..  I would feel it out the first couple weeks
text:Exactly. It’s the fantasy life that those images convey. When I see someone wearing crisp trousers, soft button ups, stilettos, etc., I imagine that I’m living the life of someone wearing them. Effortless, breezy, maybe wandering around Paris window shopping on a nice spring day... but in reality I’m working from home on my couch. Structured trousers would be uncomfortable AF, cotton/linen blouses would be a wrinkly mess, my cat would get fur everywhere, I’m allergic to wool and I don’t wear shoes in my house, because ew. Or I’m going for a walk in my neighbourhood after work and it’s raining and dark, so I need a waterproof/reflective jacket and sturdy boots. It’s fun to look at pictures of nice styles, but they aren’t my reality.	labels:Ironically, right before the pandemic I was looking at buying a new suit, as I was just months into a new job that required me to be a bit more "business" (at least on 5 or so days a year) than my previous "distracted-professor" type jobs. I'm now glad I hadn't bit the bullet yet.   I just bought a new pair of jeans, as I was wearing out my previous pair. The ones that came are a little too big (despite being the same numerical size, style, *and color* as my last pair...), but maybe that's ok right now?	episode_done:True
text:Got it, thanks. Its kinda tricky to get a real "no-show" sock to actually disappear in low shoes, but I hear your point.	labels:Vans no-shows are the best	episode_done:True
text:Yesssss	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Buying vs selling on resell websites	labels:I buy/sell on eBay, Poshmark, depop, and Mercari. There are pros and cons to all of them. For me I’m not trying to make money or save money necessarily—I just want to recycle clothes that didn’t work for me and from everything I’ve read most donated clothes end up in landfills. I also prefer to buy secondhand for similar reasons.   Poshmark definitely has the best customer service. I’ve dealt with a lot of bad sellers (listing the wrong size, clothes not as described etc) and whenever I’ve reached out to Poshmark they basically refund all my money and let me keep the item. On the flip side, as a seller people have unnecessarily complained (item didn’t fit) and Poshmark didn’t allow them to send the item back for a refund—maybe Poshmark gave them a refund and let them keep the item but I wasn’t effected. This is something that REALLY irritates me about eBay—they always take the side of the buyer and u end up having wasted time, money etc shipping something even when u aren’t at fault. I really wish eBay would absorb the costs like Poshmark does, but this is probably why Poshmark has the highest fees.  Ultimately I think the downfall of Poshmark will be the wholesalers and people who are doing it as a side hustle. It’s becoming harder and harder for sellers with 20-30 listings from their actual personal closet to sell things because there’s so much garbage for buyers to sift through. It’s also hard for me as a buyer to find bundles anymore. In the early days sellers closets were made up of actual clothes from their closets so they were all the same size and the style of the person selling. Now if I find something I like it’s impossible to find another item in someone’s closet because there are 500 random listings to sift through.
text:Love this and needed to see it.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 30, 2020	labels:I have accumulated so many fits I'm proud of over this past year. And like zero opportunity to wear them in public. It's bumming me out.
text:look, it takes a big, strong, well read, funny, charming, well dressed man to lose with dignity, and frankly, i am that man	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Indoor layers	labels:To be honest, I think this depends on your day to day activities. For me I work out of an office, my car, and since February, my house. If I am on an in the office day I wear something I don't mind leaving over my chair. It's trickier when I have appointments in other offices, and so on. If I'm only walking a short distance I leave my outer layers in the trunk of my car and tough it out.   I am in a northern (Canadian) climate for the record.	episode_done:True
text:WEEKLY DEALZ: "BLACK FRIDAY" 2020 EDITION	labels:I'm not sure if this is the right place to ask this, but has anyone purchased anything from the sale section on Loewe's website? All the products are full price so I'm a bit confused. The neon mini puzzle bag is $2,800 cad in cart but that's the same price as usual?	episode_done:True
text: I feel like combat boots are always a thing. Maybe in different variations. But they are an alternative staple.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Do you think fashion or style has age restrictions?	labels:I'm 35 and wear crop tops and high waisted jeans. Why do so many people on this sub care so much about what others think about them? Wear trendy items, don't wear them, just stop trying to make some women "other" than you due to some fashion superiority complex. Lord.
text:How would you style or rebuild your wardrobe around your holy grail fashion piece?	labels:Pear shape with a big arse - I want Lauren Bacall style wool trousers. Fluid, full, and fitting just so on the waist. Styled classic for work with an equally full and fluid washed silk shirt, rolled up sleeves and tucked in with a patent waist belt. For brunch dates with a bateau neck tee that fits like a second skin, and for evenings with a low backed long sleeved version of the same. A chunky, cropped length fisherman’s jumper if theres a chill on casual strolls
text:Made in USA PF Flyer, Moonstar, Shoes Like Pottery, Novesta	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 10, 2020	labels:Anyone here ever sew a patch onto a jacket or something else?     Long story short, I have a denim jacket and bought a velcro patch that I want to try to sew onto it. It has a hook & loop thing on it and I also bought a package of hook and loops so I could sew it onto my jacket.     I'm trying to see if anyone might have advice on how to put it together.	episode_done:True
text:Let's Talk about hats	labels:The rules about hats are antiquated and archaic, and you’re not likely to get called out for wearing a hat inside. Of course, there is a time and place but like, literally no one is going to care if you wear a hat to the mall, to go grocery shopping, to hike, etc.	episode_done:True
text:nice summary :-)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Do you have a recommendation for a brand?	labels:Put cedar blocks in the bag	episode_done:True
text:Is Chanel going to be better off without Karl?	labels:Karl was a great creative and brought a lot of creativity to the brand, but it was A LOT different than Coco Chanel's classic, timeless, etc. His creativity helped elevate the brand with younger and trend-centric customers, which was good, without necessarily alienating the legacy customers who are not aspirational consumers buying the lower priced items but truly wealthy customers buying the $$$ items. It is a feat in itself to meet both, but that's also from excellent marketing and business team (not just him). The brand may be trying to cater more to its true wealth vs aspirational customers at the moment to keep the brand afloat during this time since the supply chain and margins are likely different, and the aspirational consumers are not able to buy as much due to impact on income, etc. But, fashion brands also play to the mood of the market, what more fashion-focused less trend-focused consumers are heading, etc. and it's global so it is much broader than just one country, etc. The new collection is still very fashion forward and very pretty. But, not as rocker/edge/creative as Karl's days. The thing with Chanel is that it has the younger aspirational consumer so hooked on its lower priced items, it really doesn't need to innovate for it - they consider the earrings, lower priced handbags, wallets, etc. to be status no matter what it is because they're buying the brand. Where, overall, it likely all works out. It's nice to see the change of vibe, but I did enjoy Karl's. His vibe was also getting a little tired, he was there forever. But, they are wise not to try to replicate him.
text:How to combine colors	labels:> Enclothed Cognition: Put On Your Power!  > “Embodied cognition experts have discovered that our thought processes are based on physical experiences that set off associated abstract concepts, including those generated by the clothing we wear.  Not this shit again  These 'studies' have been so comprehensively debunked that it's a standing joke now, surely	episode_done:True
text:Hedi Slimane’s CELINE- an idealized look at 1960s rock & roll (large inspiration album)	labels:Love the inspiration folder, showing the clear influences and understanding of Celine under Slimane.  I do really enjoy Celine before Dancing Kid, but the latest collection wasn’t targeted to me.  The Dancing Kid is really to appeal to a new generation of buyers, when the past collections were to appeal to people who knew him as a designer.  I do like Dancing Kid though as a collection, I think it fits in with his more androgynous side that used to be more common with his days at Dior.  But it’ll be interesting to see where the brand goes post S/S 21 because I honestly don’t know what will happen.  I personally love the style and influences he had for Celine pre Dancing Kid.  As a kid who grew up watching French New Wave and listening to music from the British Invasion, I can definitely see myself transitioning to wearing clothes like that when I get back into an office.  It’ll always look cool.
text:That is a lovely way to put it! I definitely feel the attitude to take is: a few select pieces that you love rather than your entire wardrobe.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Review - The Custom Russian Automatic Dive Watch (for less than 100 Dollars)	labels:It's the watch from The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou! They made a special Zissou edition for any Wes Anderson fans	episode_done:True
text:Hats - discussion	labels:Hats are great. When you wear one with aplomb, people remember you! It’s just a matter of practice. How to remove and put one on in public (which you may have to do, for example in restaurants). There’s hat etiquette which varies in different eras and places, but I go with not wearing a man style hat while eating, and during times of remembrance/commemoration, and when in doubt. I believe ladies hats can be left on indoors.  The other thing is, WIND. If it’s windy, you’ll need a chin strap or have it snugly on. A blown off hat is annoying.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 23	labels:I gotta say, as an American, it's really surprising that there's class connotations to rugby shirts. On paper, rugby should be an "everyman" sport like soccer, basketball, football, baseball, etc. with the barrier to entry just being a ball and a field. Seems really out of place for it to be paired up with golf, tennis, and horse-related stuff.
text:>crocs   Lol if you compare it with crocs I would definetly not get it...I am just trying to understand as to why people think it's not fashionable or dorky/nerdy? I am not saying it is or isn't, but I definetly don't want to come as this scinecy/bookwarm/fashionista type  and tbh I am not that bothered from sun, like I hate it sure, but never had a sunglass and never really complained, so technically I can buy prescription sunglasses, just want to know as to why so many people think it's nerdy/dorky exaclty	labels:Haha I also would love to know why :)  I'm not trying to be like "don't do it" moreso just trynna give you a heads up that i think some people perceive them this way  iunno dude lol
text:Better With Age: 10 Things Better Bought Used – Put This On	labels:Used LL Bean Field coat:  Paul Harrell has entered the chat     (its close enough)	episode_done:True
text:new year, old shoes — an upcycled shoe album	labels:Those Clark’s are gorgeous	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - February 14, 2021	labels:vday and bday 2day has me feeling flagrant with this debit card
text:I don't care how people see me, i want to feel good with what I'm wearing and i want it to be cohesive, but that's just my personal preference. I know people don't notice fashion inconsistencies because I don't and i also don't care much for what other people wear, i want everyonre to express themselves however they see fit. Of course, who i am is not defined by my outfits either but it is an expression of what i like and i have a hard time transforming that into the outside. Thank you for your input!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 10, 2020	labels:The right fit is so difficult. I have been looking for selvedge denim that has the silhouette of joggers or skinny jeans (slim thru the thigh, hugs the knee and smaller ankle opening) with the comfort of more baggy jeans(doesn't restrict your crotch). Tapered fits are still a bit baggy in the ankle area for my taste.  Haven't found one that can do both. I ordered some Uniqlo jeans and I'll have the tailored, which still turns out to be a pretty good deal.  Any suggestions out there that can help me out. I'm debating whether to buy skinny jeans with a mid rise and 2" larger waist. Looking at the Gustin mystery grab deal, could lean toward a Skinny 35" since I've heard their fits are looser than most.  For reference : im 5'9 173lbs. my waist is about 34" and inseam around 31".
text:Can someone tell me where people get their outfits that we see during Seoul Fashion Week?	labels:Marigold shadows has some of the dark streetwear vibe
text:Definitely some icons of cool in there! So glad it resonated with you, thanks for taking the time.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:They're relaxed, but I don't think sizing down to a small would work.  They're relaxed, but I don't think sizing down to a small would work. It's just the fit of the garment.  It's just the fit of the garment.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 25, 2020	labels:Hope y’all are having great holidays!  Partner and I semi-skipped Christmas this year. No gifts or anything, we only got a nice dinner from a local restaurant. They pack up everything nicely with instructions for how to finish each dish. The head chef is the owner and he managed to keep most of his staff employed with this concept. Pretty nice and the food was as outstanding as we know it from this place.  The good part about taking everything home is that we can lick plates and scrape pans without shame. I need to work on my plating skills though.
text:How to Talk About Collared Shirts	labels:It's really great man, In tropical countries Coconut shell button is also an option. Also, can you cover some info about stitching like single needle stitch, chain stitch etc
text:These are samples. However there are no defects. The shaft height looks different as the heel of the right boot is raised in some pictures.	labels:Sorry--what does that mean, samples?
text:What designer bags and eras do you think will come back in fashion 2021-2022?	labels:I think the little embroidered coin purse with fringe and a chain handle is next "in"---the mini purse trend is hot and 20's revival seems in too.
text:Viberg Natural Shell & Grey Kangaroo - A quick update & pictures.	labels:Just got one, not necessarily this brand, it kinda squeaks. Any fixes for that?
text:How do you guys work towards avoiding fast fashion?	labels:I second what everyone said about buying stuff secondhand, but just want to add, if you’re going to buy something from a fast fashion store, only buy it with as high a percent of natural fibers as possible. 100% cotton/silk/linen/wool/leather etc. The items will last longer and will look/feel better. Otherwise, you’re buying plastic clothing.	episode_done:True
text:As a Canadian I refuse to get rid of my skinny jeans. Half the year is spent surrounded by snow, slush, and gritty slime. I have to tuck my pants into tall boots. I remember when flares were super in when I was a kid/young teen and all my friends and I would be wandering around with these sopping wet pants slapping around our ankles. Never again.	labels:I felt this comment to my core, I can't explain how convenient skinny jeans are. High waisted pants also means you get to tuck in all your thermal layers comfortably without them escaping every time you even swing your arms too aggressively	episode_done:True
text:Rest In Peace to a certified legend!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:That thread made me realize how absolutely lazy I am with my camera. Everything on Auto, and i just color match things in post lmao. Haha shutter go brrrrrrrr	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Thoughts on ski / apres ski style?	labels:I don't have any inputs, but completely agree with how so many of these people have one body shape and everything is soooo expensive	episode_done:True
text:Just singing the praises of wool	labels:Those Aran sweaters are worth every penny. I have one I wear almost every day.	episode_done:True
text:Fashion trends	labels:I miss little skater flare skirts	episode_done:True
text:How to Choose Better Shoes	labels:So if oxfords are only to be worn with suits, what kind of black shoes should one wear with a pair of dress pants & shirt?	episode_done:True
text:How does a warm weather wardrobe differ from a cold weather wardrobe?	labels:I used to live in the southwest and wore sundresses almost exclusively. Even maxi dresses would leave me with sweat dripping down my legs. But the AC would bring it back down to reality and I’d be wearing cardigans inside. Loose weave, 3/4 sleeves, or baggier are good calls.	episode_done:True
text:What designer bags and eras do you think will come back in fashion 2021-2022?	labels:A recycle of the late 2000s maybe? Seeing some sheer t shirts and shoulder bags lately.
text:What are you hate wearing?	labels:Just a mix of nonstop leggings and sweatpants. I miss dressing up but I'm so fucking lazy. On a good day, I shower and change into leggings, a bralette, a  teeshirt and sweater/sweatshirt. On a bad day I just stay in my pajamas all day.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 23	labels:2 Questions here.  1. Is there a difference in quality between buying 501 Levi's from Amazon versus buying 501 Levi's from their store (physical location, not website)? Amazon pricing is half that of their store's. 2. Any recommendations for a good turtleneck, preferably not too thick of a material, something to layer under a jacket.
text:I have listings from half a year ago that are getting sold. Feeling very pleased when that happens.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 27	labels:Are jeans just not happening right now?  I've been mostly wearing black skinny jeans the last few years and I'm tired of them (pre-pandemic, anyway - I've been wearing mostly pajama pants since March).    I've been looking around trying to figure out what to do in the jeans category, and it seems like men in their late 20s/early 30s have mostly moved on past jeans and are generally wearing chinos, work pants, or other non-denim pants.
text:When your personality and aesthetic don't quite match?	labels:> He doesn't think it suits me, but also suggested that I'll figure out mine as I get to know myself more.   Oh, to have the confidence and life wisdom of a 24-year-old man.  There's nothing inherently wrong with sharing/asking for your partner's opinion about your style or wanting them to like how you dress, but it has to be something that you've both agreed you enjoy, not just one person offering unsolicited opinions. It also helps if they actually know what they're talking about.	episode_done:True
text:yeah the only other jackets I have (besides the UNiqlo one that I hate) is just a very light nike acg jacket with primaloft insulation and an old lightly insulated barbour coat which I had to wear together at about 5C.   I remember when first checking out this sub not realising how fcking cold canada can be and thinking that I'd need a therme with a down jacket and fleece underneath haha	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Looks great	labels:bro im so depressed. i went to sleep in that and woke up this morning still wearing it	episode_done:True
text:The North Face x Gucci Launch Collection + Campaign	labels:Oh man oh man, pretty slick. The question now is whether they’ll potentially top Supreme in TNF collaborations.. 🤔	episode_done:True
text:Must be in the water. My kids are doing the same thing.   They were sad to learn putting a flashlight under their bed did not turn it into a greenhouse	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Black is Beautiful, Braids are Beautiful, Bald is Beautiful: Ayanna Pressley as an icon of feminine professionalism	labels:not from the US, so when i first saw her bald, i thought it was her own personal style preference because she looks so fierce and confident and badass. then i found out that it was due to alopecia and im all what??!!! im shocked! wow, bald is beautiful. she totally owns it.	episode_done:True
text:Excercises for personal style	labels:I recently watched a tedx "Dressing for Confidence and Joy", where the presenter Stasia Savasuk asked people to think about how they wanted to be perceived in the world by thinking about key words, and then to think about articles of clothing or accessories that fit in that keyword category. For example, if  Person A wanted to be perceived as confident, they would ask themselves if the article of clothing or whatever fit inside the "confident" bubble.  I found that idea to be useful. So the first step is choosing your keywords, and then considering them when you shop or dress yourself.
text:Researchers use AI machine learning to let people try on clothes virtually based on just two separate images	labels:The ultimate challenge would be to correctly recommend a size for unsanforized raw selvedge denim	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 20	labels:Anyone ever hear of this brand Berq Studios?	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 28	labels:Can you wear a 3 piece suit, without the vest. Just wondered if the jacket would be cut differently, then normally, to better accomadate the vest. Thinking in the summer when the vest would be too hot, could I just go without it?
text:That is so funny, I also have a pair of wooden parrot earrings from my mom! She got them on vacation when she was 12.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 22, 2020	labels:So uh...capes.
text:Mario Valentino is not Valentino Garavani	labels:At first I thought this was going to be a discussion about the difference between the secondary lines "Marc Jacobs" vs "Marc by Marc Jacobs", which is also sometimes difficult to wade through as well. But I didn't even know about this OTHER naming issue.  Jeez. I definitely feel bad for people thinking they got the deal of the century and just didn't know any better.  Edit: MJ was a bad example because I guess they discontinued MBMJ, maybe McQueen vs McQ would be a better current example
text:What is your go to/favourite belt?	labels:My go to is Sezane’s Artemis belt. Literally wear it about 4 or 5 times a week
text:Yay!! I hope you like them as much as I do!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Ah, I'm aware of that but I didn't know that Patagonia's fleece was better at not shedding. I thought the primary differences were in production.	labels:It's very unlikely that vintage patagonia fleece sheds any less than other vintage fleece. If shedding microplastics concerns you, washing any polyester garment should be avoided.	episode_done:True
text:Take the tag off and just lace them like you would any other shoe.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Yeah I was going to say, where's the Amigara Fault person body pillow?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:People should watch old seasons of the bachelor if they don’t believe this. Professionally styled TV glosses over or tones down some of the trends you forgot about. The ladies of reality TV, on the other hand, really deliver.	labels:Ha! OMG love this!  The LPT I never knew I needed!	episode_done:True
text:Shinies From the Past - or, What to do with Gifts from Past Relationships?	labels:Haha I definitely run into this same issue! I tend to associate items really strongly with the context in which I got them, and personally feel weird reselling gifts, so donations or trash bin it is for me.   I usually donate jewelry (depending on the piece) to organizations that specifically help people with interview/business-wear or prom outfits. I’ve also donated gifted jewelry or suitcases to women’s shelters before.
text:Unboxing and Styling New Balance 992s	labels:Those are some ugly shoes imo
text:I needed this. Thank you for posting this	labels:	episode_done:True
text:American fashion designers take center stage at the US presidential inauguration	labels:Does anybody knows what shoes Biden was wearing ? Bluchers or derbies or chukka boots ?	episode_done:True
text:It’s 2021. A vaccine for the virus has been made widely available and businesses may operate at full capacity, including bars, clubs, salons, etc. How will this influence fashion?	labels:People will go ALL OUT. This sub usually salivates at the thought of athleisure taking over and killing fashion (and fast fashion) but that 100% wouldn't happen. Almost every woman I know is bloody sick and tired of not getting to dress up, not being able to wear lipstick, not having places to wear heels and vacation outfits. People would literally go crazy and it truly would be the roaring twenties. Dresses of all types, miniskirts, sparkle and glitter, heels for days, fun fabrics, bolder colors, leather pants, blouses with impractical sleeves, statement earrings – women would really be dressing to the nines *and* wearing bold lipstick colors to compliment.
text:Recent Purchases - January 13, 2021	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Colour/Style Matching - How do I figure out the potential of my wardrobe?	labels:I definitely second everyone saying to try things on and see what you like. I do that myself all the time. Even if I think something might go together, it's helpful to try things on because it's not uncommon that it worked a bit better in my head than it does in real life, and it can just enough that I don't actually really love it in person. And even with an eye for fashion (or at least an eye for what I like and want personally), I still discover pairings that I didn't think of when I go through and try on a new piece with e v e r y t h i n g I own.  I'll totally admit it's a lot of work though, and if you're doing your whole wardrobe it can easily take a full day, which is a *lot*. So one thing I like to do that makes it a lot more fun, is I'll go through and try everything one with another person, and kind of turn it into a fashion show. It can be with friends and we'll both go through our stuff and take turns posing and having fun with particularly great matches, or it can just be with my mom and super casual, but it turns it from work to get through to an activity to enjoy with someone. Sometimes that's enough to let me power through a lot (I've done a few wardrobe purges as I matured out of different stages and needed to reevaluate what I wanted), and sometimes I still want or need to break it up into multiple sessions over a few days, but it makes it a lot more pleasant overall.	episode_done:True
text:The best running shorts — 12 pairs tested (full post in comments)	labels:I love the Patagonia Strider Pro shorts. My all time favorites besides these mystery Nike shorts I bought from an outlet store a while back.	episode_done:True
text:Subtle time traveler brag.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do you feel the Pandemic is affecting your style? (Or, “I am a butterfly in a chrysalis”)	labels:I read a comment somewhere about how the 1920s were the roarin' 20s because after the 1918 pandemic AND the years of thrifting and rationing due to the war, everyone wanted to dress to the absolute nines whenever they had the chance. I forsee a similar trend as I also have gotten way more playful and outgoing with my \[desired\] style. Makes sense to me
text:!RemindMe 24 Hours	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What is your "White Whale" fashion product that apparently doesn't exist?	labels:Decent homewear. Especially robes that aren't bathrobes nor these dainty fragile satin/chiffon thingies. Something cozy enough to set up shop on your couch in, that won't break on the first scoot, actually keep your arms warm.   In loungewear there's apparently four types with no middle ground: For mothers-formerly-known-as-women,  for girls, for seduction purposes only, and Jeff Lebowski.
text:How to shop ThredUp and avoid the junk?	labels:I favorite a lot of items and then buy when there's a sale. I search only brands I know my size in (because they charge restocking fees). If you set it to your "home warehouse" the prices will also be a little better.	episode_done:True
text:What are your not-so-basic basics to pair with statement pieces?	labels:For the suit, I'm picturing a hot pink crop top underneath to go for a full monochromatic look, but with some more minimalist heels.  I've definitely seen a light/hot pink outfit before and thought it looked bomb.  As for the organza pink top, it would look lovely with some true black straight leg jeans and silver heeled pointed toe boots or nude strappy heeled sandals with your hair up in a bun and silver hoop earrings.	episode_done:True
text:The joy of cordovan—and how to wear and maintain it	labels:Cordovan is an Instagram dream - it’s lustrous and has a ton of color depth. Unfortunately I find  actually wearing it is a different story. It’s extremely stiff and inflexible, especially during the first 20-30 wears. It’s the coldest leather I’ve ever worn (like my feet are freezing even with medium wool socks). On the flip side, they are super warm in anything over 75 degrees so I avoid them in summer. Spotting in the rain is incredibly annoying so I’ve just avoided wearing them in high temps, whereas my calf boots are completely fine in summer. Also, they are on dainite soles which are terrible in winter snow or slush.   I’m glad I own a pair of color 8 Alden 986, and my Viberg bourbon shell service boots. They are great for certain occasions. But in sum, I have a pair of ~$1300 boots that I generally can wear between 40-75 degrees Fahrenheit when there’s no precipitation or inclement weather. Keep that in mind before you jump into the shell world.
text:Yeah you’re right the Prada is everywhere but I’m really not a fan of it! It’s just so small. I think you’re right about the saddle bag too, not worth the cost especially for such an impractical shape! But it does look awesome with the various Dior straps	labels:Dior definitely knows what they are doing with the guitar straps! Which is why they charge $1k+ just for the strap on top of a $3.3k+ bag! If you want your bag to be relatively timeless, you can invest in something like a Lady Dior or Chanel Classic Flap, or opt for a more simple style bag from most any of the major brands. But if your style is more edgy and youthful like the Saddle Bag love suggests, you might just want to get what makes you feel happiest and what is most practical for your lifestyle and budget, regardless of what people are wearing at this exact moment in fashion. Check out the PurseBlog and PurseForum websites if you want to do more research and get advice from the community!	episode_done:True
text:As a Canadian I refuse to get rid of my skinny jeans. Half the year is spent surrounded by snow, slush, and gritty slime. I have to tuck my pants into tall boots. I remember when flares were super in when I was a kid/young teen and all my friends and I would be wandering around with these sopping wet pants slapping around our ankles. Never again.	labels:Omg I had forgotten about the sloppy jean cuffs of my youth. *shudder*	episode_done:True
text:I own a small store. We’ve tried US made, organic, whatever... ultimately most people won’t pay the 3x premium for the same product, and that’s before the pandemic.	labels:That's cause people like to talk about how anti low-class work and anti-fast fashion they're but don't practice it in the slightest.
text:Can I see your casual natural-fabric outfits?	labels:Uniqlo 100% cotton t shirts paired with either vintage Levis or 100% cotton Zara jeans for summer	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 17, 2021	labels:Imagine hearing someone say in 2013 MFA that cowboy boots would be huge in 2020-2021, damn
text:ha, my partner has informed me that we will be having two weddings, one in the states and a second in India where she is from. There are some bollywood fits I would die to try out	labels:We managed to negotiate the Chinese side of the family down to the photoshoot. We don't want to spend much on the whole thing (let alone twice) and would rather see the money go into a down payment for a flat or something.	episode_done:True
text:What are your favourite places to find loungewear ?	labels:Public Myth, made in Canada and ethically sourced fabric.	episode_done:True
text:DAE feel a disconnect between fashion you see in movies or TV and fashion you see in real life?	labels:There is a disconnect for the general public. I don’t watch many shows anymore, but I often find in US based shows they look good but I know most people (especially teens?) wouldn’t always wear high heels, designer dresses and 10 different accessories with a perfect smokey eye and styled hair. Most people get that ain’t nobody got time (or desire) for that.   Not me though... I mean to be fair in high school I was overdressed and had a reputation for it, but I didn’t care because I personally loved dressing up and was seen as a stereotypical teen in series lol. I did take inspiration from shows like Sex and the City/Carrie Diaries and Gossip Girl + a few k-dramas or k-pop mv looks. Now I dress more normally, but I get the conception that Europeans are better dressed than Americans which I find funny. I live in Scandinavia though, I feel most people underdress where I live.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 05, 2020	labels:Anyone who knows better than I about how to make a good inspo album/post want to do one about "The Right Stuff" on D+? Lots of good 50s-60s style and fun knitwear.	episode_done:True
text:I'm going to guess the fit on the women's ones is pretty forgiving, so that's an option.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I do this annoying thing that I get too attached, want to preserve those items for the rest of eternity, and never where that outfit again :'(	labels:>It is so satisfying and comforting to hear someone else has this problem!!	episode_done:True
text:Creating your own clothes: Advice?	labels:Definitely start by getting a used sewing machine and just learning the basics of sewing, first try tailoring your own stuff or making really simple things like pillow covers or masks and then try something more complicated like a shirt (and while I always prefer to make my own patterns, I recommend starting out with ones you can buy or find online). Even if you don't plan to do most of the manufacturing yourself, it'll still be vital for you to understand the process.	episode_done:True
text:Same could be said for Drake	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Casual Blazer Inspo	labels:Gomez and Morticia : The SoHo Edition	episode_done:True
text:What is the breakdown of $ spent for various outfits you actually wear?	labels:This is a fun way to see how much I’ve spent on the hobby of dressing myself!   A lot of my stuff is secondhand so I paid a lot less for some of this. Thank fuck.   • €110~ Folk grey sweater  • €50~ APC charcoal t-shirt  • €100 Levi’s black slim jeans  • €60  Etnies grey sneakers or chocolate desert boots  • €140 minimum blue rain jacket  • €300 Vapaus Vorcut (casual watch)   = €760. But €460 without the watch.   I haven’t been in a situation this outfit wouldn’t suit in years. If anything I’m overdressed half the time. If I need to wear a tie I’ve already made several mistakes	episode_done:True
text:what do yall wear to the gym (or at home if you work out there)	labels:Q: why do i wear a braided leather belt in the gym?   A: to hold up my fukkin corduroys
text:Style Lessons from Male-Presenting People: An Inspo Album	labels:Fantastic! Not only am I bookmarking this for my own inspiration, I'm also going to share this with my husband. As a creative, I think he has the capacity & interest for more than just tees and jeans, but he doesn't always see examples of what that can look like. Dudes do not get enough cool fodder off which to dream!	episode_done:True
text:Casual Blazer Inspo	labels:Nice album! 17 is my jam  Anyone know where i can get the green gloves in 11?	episode_done:True
text:Anyone else missing party clothes?	labels:I feel like I literally got no occasion to dress when in lockdown. I am happy my country now allows some occasions	episode_done:True
text:The joy of cordovan—and how to wear and maintain it	labels:Cordovan is an Instagram dream - it’s lustrous and has a ton of color depth. Unfortunately I find  actually wearing it is a different story. It’s extremely stiff and inflexible, especially during the first 20-30 wears. It’s the coldest leather I’ve ever worn (like my feet are freezing even with medium wool socks). On the flip side, they are super warm in anything over 75 degrees so I avoid them in summer. Spotting in the rain is incredibly annoying so I’ve just avoided wearing them in high temps, whereas my calf boots are completely fine in summer. Also, they are on dainite soles which are terrible in winter snow or slush.   I’m glad I own a pair of color 8 Alden 986, and my Viberg bourbon shell service boots. They are great for certain occasions. But in sum, I have a pair of ~$1300 boots that I generally can wear between 40-75 degrees Fahrenheit when there’s no precipitation or inclement weather. Keep that in mind before you jump into the shell world.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 05, 2020	labels:Anyone have any recommendations for a quarter zip pullover? I'm searching for brands but haven't found any that really speak to me.
text:What’s the comfiest material you can put in a washing machine without fuss?	labels:I just got some insanely soft velvet leggings from Old Navy and they're machine washable.  &#x200B;  I machine wash a lot of things that say to hand wash only, but I make sure they're inside out and I only use cold water on all of my clothes.	episode_done:True
text:Quality content right here	labels:	episode_done:True
text:[Inspiration] Sculptural Jewelry	labels:This is so cool. Love the first ring and the floral stuff.   I love jewelry (and have some wacky pieces) but man I wish it wasn’t so fucking expensive for cool shit. An eyeball ring from The Great Frog has been on my grail list for like 4 years but I can’t bring myself to drop a stack on a ring, ya know?
text:inspo album for city boys: popeye magazine	labels:Can’t tell what episode of Columbo number 20 is.	episode_done:True
text:What will be obsolete by summer 2021?	labels:I'm hoping those "Is it Wine o'clock?" shirts (or anything involving  women drinking wine to deal with life) you find at any mall store/Target directed towards adults.   Perhaps it's because I can no longer pass as a youth and will no doubt get thrown into the demographic these companies sell to, but it's always painful when you start to see a trend in clothes and you hate it, and it lasts YEARS.
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge Announcement: Hoodies!	labels:>This Week's Theme: Hoodies  Ugh, no we have to have *hoods* on our sweatshirts? This sub is so elitist!
text:Third these!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Permanent Style - The Cold-Colour Capsule	labels:See, I'm confused. In what sense are blues not the coolest colors? Why does this guide almost entirely exclude navy? In what sense are brown, black, grey and cream cold?
text:I'm normally very frugal but this year gets a hard pass on spending. I only look at my CC statement to make sure I am not getting rooked on double charges and the like....but the total is hard to look at....and a lot of that is on things like shorts and shirts and things and I rode through the desert on a horse with no name...it felt good to be out of the rain.  Oof. I mean I can easily afford the spending but it feels weird.	labels:I agree, I am normally super thrifty but this year I found myself doing a lot more comfort/ “for fun” shopping and I’m letting it go. It’s ok.	episode_done:True
text:Champion cultural appropriation is real	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone else hate literally everything they put on?	labels:100%. Sometimes I'm okay with it at first but soon after, absolutely hate it. Nothing fits right. Nothing looks right. I havebt tested this theory out, yet but Ive come to the conclusion its two things. 1. Im wearing clothes that are cute but not my style. And 2. Theyre not tailored.	episode_done:True
text:Are there any actual fashion trends in 2020?	labels:we must be living on different planets.   lingerie as camisoles, fur trim everything, distressed tops, denim skirts, sweater vests, low rise pants, straight leg replacing skinny jeans, patchwork jeans, patterned tights, flared leggings, corset tops, fur lined boots, super tall platform shoes, juicy tracksuits, animal prints, tie dye, hand and leg warmers, fluffy bags, all were super popular trends last year. this has been the most trend heavy year in my memory, I could barely keep up.
text:Brands that no longer live up to their name or quality	labels:kind of all of them? It seems like you have to pay pretty steep prices now to get the quality of clothes that mid-price mall brands had in the 1990s and early 2000s. It seems that most stores have switched to a model of selling poor quality pieces at huge markups with the expectation that they will sell most of the stock at clearance prices. The GAP used to have quality staples, and J Crew was "fancy." Now GAP is really the same quality as Old Navy, and don't know what J Crew is anymore. The quality has certainly dropped, but I also don't get what is up with the designs since you can't even get a reasonable women's suit there these days. Madewell is not made well. Anthropologie used to sell unique pieces with really good construction, now it's roughly the same as other fast fashion, though I do appreciate that they added petite and plus sizing and carry some high end brands too. Levi's main line is terrible now, and to get the heritage quality, you need to get the Made and Crafted line, which is really expensive!  I mostly shop secondhand because I can't afford the stuff I like. When buying new, I try to wait for sales and avoid buying anything "final sale" or with complicated returns unless I know it will work. Clothes that I used to get at Anthropologie, I now get from Sezane, Ulla Johnson, Doen, and Samantha Pleet. I started buying vintage jeans over Madewell/Levi's or expensive craft brands—my 1980s Chic and Gitano jeans were probably sold at K-Mart/Target but are better quality than anything I have gotten from Madewell. I don't wear jeans/denim enough to justify craft denim prices. Patagonia is still very high quality technical wear; I just scope out the Tyler sport outlet and secondhand for deals. Shoes are hard because I don't like to get them secondhand. I switched from Adidas to Veja and Diemme for sneakers (you can find Diemme shoes for huge markdowns on Yoox during the winter and summer sales—I don't think they are worth retail price).
text:The most important part when tailoring an outfit around flats is, well, tailoring! Make sure to get a pant that fits well at the waist to elongate the leg line, then have the legs hemmed to fit your height.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 17, 2020	labels:Mid-rise is not high-rise     If you call it that then stop
text:Wish I had your same conviction and drive man!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Good quality men's jeans?	labels:Speaking of jeans:  DL1961 or Naked & Famous?  &#x200B;  BTW, I was just SHOCKED to learn that Levi's makes $300.00 jeans now.  I never buy Levi's, so I never noticed.  I had no idea!
text:I think now its all The Marc Jacobs but I'm still confused by it lol	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- November 06	labels:I need new pants for work and I would appreciate a good recommendation. I typically wear a sport coat or a sweater every day. Budget $120 per pair, but I would prefer something around $80 unless they're high quality to justify the additional cost.	episode_done:True
text:Keeping only one	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Agree with this wholeheartedly. My favourite material for bags is leather but oiled canvas is my second choice. Canvas is a fantastic material for bags.	labels:Any recommended brands that do canvas bags well?	episode_done:True
text:I also use a salad spinner to wash my clothes! Works like a dream	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 01	labels:JUST GOT CHASED BY AN ANTI MASKER IN MANHATTAN YELLIN SLURS AT ME
text:I came here after that thread to see if anyone would complain.  I'm not disappointed.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Yeah, I will be posting on insta, maybe Facebook (land of in-laws) depending on how sexy the Edie Britt (Desperate Housewives) and Shane McCutchen outfits turn out. I added the social media part moreso so people could try for themselves, because I do keep my social media private. However, I really do think you need to have some kind of goal other than "I'm going to try and dress like Blair Waldorf" to make it fun and keep momentum going.   I suppose I could post outfits here with my face blurred if anything comes together particularly well! However, because I'm not buying any new clothes, not all of the references are as spot on as they could be. As such, I'm nervous people would be disappointed!	labels:No, the not buying new clothes makes it so much more interesting! Buying the cloth is something everyone could have done. I totally get keeping socials private, but would be very exited to see the blurred edition here.
text:Rant - I'm fed up with fashion and "expressing myself"	labels:Have you thought about uniform dressing? I'm not talking about a boring black t-shirt and jeans every day. I wear a dress, sweater, and black pair of shoes every day. In the winder I add tights/leggings and an ankle book (summer is black sandals). I never have to think too much about what I wear and I don't really have to make any decisions after I purchase the item. My dresses are really comfortable, all of them have pockets, and I get compliments constantly. Uniform dressing sounds really boring, but you can create a fun and unique type of uniform if you want.  I tried a capsule wardrobe earlier this summer. It had dresses, shirts, pants and shorts, but I went back just dresses because the capsule was too many decisions. I just pick a dress that is clean and move on with my day, but I also still have a distinct and unique style.
text:Omg... A salad spinner is basically like a tiny manually operated washing machine. :OOOOOOO This is actually genius lol.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 30	labels:CMV: 100% of the people asking to identify a specific item have no taste whatsoever.
text:General Discussion - October 24	labels:School picture day coming up 😳😳     What will he wear doe 🤔🤔  My planned fit rn is all-green full milsurp + DIY (with Salomons 😎😎). I'll most definitely regret it in about a year but it's all about living in the moment right? Am taking other fit suggestions though.
text:What’s something you wish you could tell clothing manufacturers to do differently?	labels:I realize this will probably never happen, but I would really appreciate it if the sizing was more consistent between brands. It can get confusing checking the size guides of each brand when doing online shopping.
text:inspo album for city boys: popeye magazine	labels:Is there a way to subscribe to Popeye in the states?
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - February 16, 2021	labels:Are there any baggy cargo-ish trousers in size 30/36??	episode_done:True
text:If I want to dress like Insert-Character-Here, where should I shop? Part 2	labels:Gillian Anderson’s character, Jean, from sex education. Her style is amazing.
text:Winter staples?	labels:Depends how cold it gets, and how much time you plan to spend outside! I'm a city girl and a bit of an "indoor cat," so my main winter activities involve navigating public transit, dealing with puddles of slush, and an occasional walk on icy sidewalks. We don't plan to drive or live in a detached house any time soon, which cuts out a whole category of winter chores.  So for me, staples are long wool coats, wool turtlenecks, wool socks and shiny black rain boots or sturdy shearling lined Timberland boots. For extra warmth, I wrap a wool pashmina around my head and layer silk thermals under my clothes. Mittens annoy me so I usually just wear leather gloves or keep my hands in my pockets. I find this is the best compromise to stay warm without too much bulk or any technical garments. If the pavements are dry, I'll even switch to heeled leather boots.  I've walked up to 30 minutes at a time in weather around 10° Fahrenheit in an outfit like this, with the scarf pulled up over my nose and mouth. (The normalisation of face masks will make this even easier now.) But it would *absolutely not* be sufficient for extended time in temperatures below 0° Fahrenheit, winter sports, or even for things like shoveling snow or scraping a windshield. For that you'd want taller insulated boots and a proper down jacket.	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge: Single Origin - Update	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 08, 2021	labels:Signed up for a german vaccine trial  cant wait to become a merkel drone! ^^^/s
text:The Origins of Hermès' Colour Mark	labels:Interesting read. Thanks for sharing!	episode_done:True
text:Tailoring for the People	labels:Thanks for sharing this, I am always looking for new ideas and inspiration.  I have purchased a few new items from Uniqlo recently and really like the quality and fit.   I like to see the way people wear items together with different textures and layers.	episode_done:True
text:A-Cold-Wall F/W 2021	labels:Absolutely sublime. Massive fan of all of the outerwear. Look #38 has to be my favourite. Samuel keeps killing it and is still very underrated I think for the type of product he puts out.
text:When/why did you get your first really fancy purse/bag?	labels:I got my first fancy bag after calling off my wedding lol I figured it cost around the same amount as the dress I wouldn’t ever wear so why not? The woman at the LV store thought I was on drugs ... “are you celebrating something?” And I’m like as a matter of fact, yes, yes I am. I just lost a ton of money on a wedding but I dodged a bullet and left that POS. All she said was “well you can always make more money” anyway, I’m getting a Chanel bag for my next milestone birthday. Not sure which one but it’s gonna happen soon.
text:Do you feel constrained fashion-wise by not wanting to (or being able to) wear heels?	labels:I can only wear new balance ugly sneakers with custom orthotics or boots. Boots like hiking or cowboy, I bought my first pair of ankle cowboy boots a year ago. I wear them with everything have my eye on some black lizard ankle length from Tecovas for my next pair.   Wearing heels one night distroys my feet for weeks. It’s not worth the pain.  I started out specifically buying clothing that would look good with cowboy boots (skinny jeans). Now I rock them with any and everything. Just tucked them into a pair of blue plaid trousers and they looked awesome.   Its surprising how much more confident you feel when your feet aren’t miserable. Also my boots were $200 bucks why should I be concerned about them not being “fancy of fashionable.”	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 29	labels:Where can I find quality watch straps up to 50$? I liked Popov's but they don't come in 16mm lug width.	episode_done:True
text:Mario Valentino is not Valentino Garavani	labels:Glad this is coming to light. Went to Saks off fifth ages ago and almost pulled the trigger on a croc embossed leather bag by “Valentino” thinking it was an amazing deal. Didn’t go through with it and found out later it was Mario Valentino and NOT Valentino Garavani. Keep an eye out you guys!	episode_done:True
text:Ever been censored at work because of what you wear?	labels:Was previously told my trousers had too many buckles. I was a temp. Girl next to me was wearing a black transparent shirt with a white bra underneath. I was told that bc she is fat, she does not distract other employees (read - males) but my buckles did. Fuck that place and that HR lady in particular.
text:What doesn't he like about the feel of typical slacks?  The Tie Bar's dress slacks are pretty good.  Little stretch and pretty light, not too constricting.  Ministry of Supply if you have a bigger budget.  I wear the slim pants which are a little tighter.  I'm sure the regular fit would be good.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Also, fuck effortless. I like to look pretty damn effortfull! Don't worry about looking like you work too hard.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Lookbook | +J 2020 Fall/Winter Collection | UNIQLO	labels:Will probably pick up those supima dress shirts, have never see dress shirts made in supima cotton.  Probably the best bang-for-buck basic/ closet essential	episode_done:True
text:This is the kind of energy I strive to have all the time	labels:The longer the quarantine, the higher the chaos levels	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone have any visual guides for how clothes should fit	labels:RemindMe! 2 days.	episode_done:True
text:Fall Jacket Recommendations	labels:I'm in NYC and I have a wool oversized blazer from & Other Stories that is perfect for fall, I would highly recommend!	episode_done:True
text:No clue about winter wear. Please Help!	labels:I might be making assumptions from your username and post history, but if you’ll be wearing suits a lot, I recommend a wool overcoat. If not, it pretty much depends on your personal style. I like overcoats and pea coats a lot. During my time in Brussels (similar climate to Paris) I was fine with dress shirt + sweater + overcoat in winter so it’s pretty mild comparatively.
text:How to wear nice casual clothes with a cotton allergy?	labels:Linen and bamboo shirts will be your best friends
text:Are LBD’s really a MUST?	labels:I'd say it's not a must. It all depends on your life and your own style. I don't have an LBD, but I do have a navy dress that I could wear to work and go out and even to weddings - with the right accessories, of course. I think that's the whole point of the LBD - it's supposed to be a "blank canvas" type of clothes that goes with everything and you can accessorize it to fit the occasion. However, if you already have enough clothes for every occasion in your life, then it's definitely not necessary to go out and buy an LBD just because it's on some list of must-haves.
text:[Serious answers only] FAQ: Why does runway fashion looks like nothing you'd ordinarily wear on the daily?	labels:I always think this question is framed oddly (and I know you’re not the one framing it), because I have never seen a runway show that didn’t have at least one piece I would wear in my everyday life, just not with all the other pieces and the makeup and the hairstyle and the jewelry and the shoes. (With the exception of bridal and evening wear collections, of course.)
text:Whats the point of diminishing return then?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Books on Fashion	labels:I've ordered Dead Style: A Long Strange Trip into the Magical World of Tie Dye by Mordecai "Mister Mort" Rubenstein. Looking forward to reading it.	episode_done:True
text:Eh, that's not really true. There are a number of environmental impacts from leather/suede. Even when sustainably raised.  1. Cattle actually suppress growth of native grasses(coming from a US centric perspective) due to the shape of their hooves. Buffalo have a different shaped hoof (more of a spade) and actually stimulate growth. So if you got your hands on some buffalo hide boots thats a great start.  2. The dyes and softening agents can be incredibly toxic and harmful. Traditional practices actually employ human excrement (both urine and feces) but modern practice focuses on more... palatable but also less environmentally friendly chemical agents.  3. Discerning origins of hides is difficult. There is quite a bit of disingenuous advertising as far as what is sustainably farmed and what standards it meets. There are many different verification organizations, looking into who has partnered with them (ie. NGOs or government programs) and who provided foundational funding is a good start to finding a reputable org.  So, you are totally right. But only if you account for all of those point as well as sourcing the materials/labor/sales locally. To be honest I think just making sure what you buy lasts a long time, taking care of your clothes/shoes, and limiting your future purchases will have a more meaningful impact.	labels:so, I'm an ag and soils researcher, and the research is really up in the air right now as far as grazing and soil carbon. we havent really figured it out yet, and the field is in a major state of flux with new research coming out all the time. maybe we can grow cattle in an environmentally friendly way that is carbon neutral or even positive (this would require much lower stocking rates and innovative new techniques that are far from common today), but maybe we can't	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 15, 2020	labels:Anyone have any suggestions for sherpa denim trucker jackets for right around $200? I don't think I'd want to spend much more than that, but I'd like to find a nice one.  Otherwise I'd probably get the standard levi's. I'd like something a bit nicer than that but I'm not finding much for options. It looks like Naked and Famous makes some, but none are in stock anywhere. Do they go in and out of stock often?  Thanks in advance! :)	episode_done:True
text:I was also considering getting the Mulberry Alexa (which I wanted back in the day), but it reads a little too cutesy to me, and in general Mulberry I associate with upper middle class 40+ Londoner, though I think their designs are really beautiful.   Agree with you on Chloe designs being nice but too trendy/iconic, I swear when I was younger there were so many nice bag designs (celine luggage, alexander wang cylinder satchel, proenza schouler etc.). I just can't with the boxy BV bags either or any bags that look like a hard square...  Feel like these bags are going to be out before they are in. Heavy branding on YSL bags has already cheapened their look to me. Love Cos/Madewell bags but the colour selection is boring (just black/tan). Meh! I ended up going for Jil Sander Tootie in a pale grey/green, hoping it gives me that 'sparks joy' feeling irl :D	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How do I feel sexy at home in winter?	labels:Find a matching set of lounge clothes of good quality, perhaps sweater material as opposed to sweatshirt/sweatpants. I just got one from UpWest, but you can google matching lounge sets and you’ll find a bunch. You can also get a cute long cardigan to throw over the matching set, and wear a nice pair of fluffy slippers (I like mini uggs or LLbean moccasins.   Do your hair and makeup, and wear perfume that reminds you of winter. You can also get a cute beanie that matches your set, Uniqlo has cashmere ones for $30.   Hope this helps!
text:General Discussion - November 11, 2020	labels:Is it "sequel" or "es queue el"?
text:What’s a fashion rule you defy (dressing for your shape, weird color combos, interesting silhouettes etc) that you just love?	labels:Oversized on oversized. Lately i like pairing oversized shackets with wide leg or baggy jeans. Maybe it overwhelms my frame but I think it’s cool. Maybe I just look like a bag woman.
text:Some of ours are closed physically but are selling gift certificates. Possibly a bit of a gamble, but worthwhile if it's a place you'd like to keep open.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:When I read an article talking about the "best", I expect it to be a $20 pair of Gildans. Or even better, 8 pairs of them.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 21	labels:I've recently learned from MFA that  if you are under 6' tall you are considered "short AF"
text:General Discussion - January 16, 2021	labels:/u/wuzpoppin and /u/theflavoroflife i see you 👀  grats on the modship guys!
text:General Discussion - January 08, 2021	labels:aw fuck I forgot to post a fit
text:Thank you for your reply!   I’m getting downvoted but like ??? I’d never heard of anyone buying below 22 k and I’m Indian. Jewelry isn’t just a pretty thing to look at, it’s an investment	labels:People who're not aware of differing cultural preferences likely interpreted it as snobbish rather than a genuine question rooted in curiosity and desire too learn about another culture's jewelry preferences.   I'm white AF and exclusively buy white or rose/pink gold, which to my Indian friends is seen as sacrilege (have to replate things?!?!), but I assume any fine jewelry I buy will at-best be passed down to my children and most likely have its value trend to zero. In my culture if you want to gift a safe investment, you buy bonds or straight up cash.	episode_done:True
text:Harry Styles wears a Gucci gown as Vogue’s first solo male cover star	labels:I've got nothing wrong with a guy wearing clothes that are traditionally for females, but I don't think any of those looks look good, though I don't know the typical content of Vogue.
text:What's your fashion miracle?	labels:Well I just got a new job that is more corporate (worked in software office previously), and I needed a fashion update. I’m sure it’s not everyone’s style, but I found a bunch of basically new stuff at a thrift shop for $2 a piece the other day: an Eileen Fisher silk undershirt, 2 Eileen Fisher all-wool pants, 2 Pendleton blazers, 1 pair of Pendleton slacks, an all-wool Valerie Stevens jacket, a cashmere shrug, a virgin wool sweater, an angora sweater, and 2 pashmina scarves. I also found 2 pairs of life strides heels in my size for $.50 each. It was a good day.   But that’s not all!   I popped in to the mall after, and the New York & Company was closing. Everything was 70-90% off. Normally I wouldn’t shop there because of the quality / age target, but they had a decent collection of accompanying items I could wear with nice blouses. Got 2 ginormous sacks of clothes for about $200. About 10 pairs of pants, 3 pairs of shoes, 2 earring sets, 3 blazers, 4 cardigans, 2 dresses, and 5 tops. Noice.  I was really worried I’d need to spend a fortune on updating my wardrobe. I was so relieved I caught a break.
text:BOF Op-Ed: How Luxury Became Fast Fashion	labels:I agree with the article in the most of what added to the ‘exclusivity’ (besides the price point) if luxury brands has disappeared. I think it’s all still in the process of imploding though. These large fashion houses are all leveraging their names, which were built in times of higher exclusivity, to see diffusion lines, collaborations and perfume.   Between that and more and more designers trying to use the same trendy ideas, I’m not sure if the name recognition they have will last for much longer. I think we all know that luxury designers are shifting away from selling only luxury clothing/bags. But like if I’m going to get fast fashion quality, I’m gonna pay fast fashion prices.
text:I love transparent stuff too! I don’t know where you live but if it so happens to be the north of England, there’s a vintage chain store called Blue Rinse and they always have lots of great sheer shimmery shirts and jumpers!	labels:That's definitely where I wish I lived. 😭 Hello from tidewater Virginia	episode_done:True
text:That is a great hashtag, also #inbetweenie	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Fellow clothing trackers, what coveted items are you tracking now?	labels:The Steve Madden Trap platform chelsea boots 😭 DSW ran out of size 7, but I found a new pair on Poshmark and ordered. 2 months later, USPS tracking stopped and Poshmark refunded me. I'm still holding out hope that it'll magically be delivered... But I've also been lurking online 😅	episode_done:True
text:[Review] TATRAS OFFICIAL BORGOGNONE DOWN JACKET, down for the city	labels:Awesome review dude! The jacket looks really cool, I vibe with the fit	episode_done:True
text:How do I know I’m not being scammed?	labels:Rosie daze boutique! Also The branded magnolia is one I've recently bought a few things from and love it.	episode_done:True
text:These are really great ideas. Not sure I'm comfortable cutting clothes. Everytime I've tried to DIY an outfit, it come out horrible lol. The advice about finding simple outfits with different necklines is super helpful though. Thanks!	labels:Maybe invite a female friend over and ask them to bring a bag of clothing they are on the fence about? You could have a styling party!  Socially distanced, of course	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 11, 2020	labels:In regards to color coordination when creating an outfit,  how do I balance colors that compliment my skin tone with seasonal colors? Which one takes priority over the other?
text:How do you challenge yourself?	labels:I branch out when I watch a new TV show and I really like the main character's style. I will buy one or two things that are really 'them'.  But then I always end up not feeling like myself. So I'll either immediately return those things, or I'll wear them a lot for three months and suddenly snap out of it one morning, like, 'what was I thinking?' and push them to the back of my closet.  So now, when I have that itch, I just add everything to my shopping cart and then close the tab and go to bed.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 28, 2020	labels:Are there other clothing services similar to Stitch Fix but for more unique/uncommon items? I've seen a few, but they tend to stick to trending items and everyday stuff.
text:We are in a post-fashion world where all looks are simultaneously "in" . Pick a style you like and go for it.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:“Sadd” Colors: 1620s Puritans to 2021	labels:Any idea what colors the Puritan colonies would have even had access to make locally?   I'm wondering if the association with more garish colors related in their minds to foreign trade and is maybe more about how they feel towards external cultures.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 03, 2020	labels:Hi Dapper People,  I'm actually curious if there are inspo albums for wearing chelsea/jodhpur/side zip boots with regular or loose fit pants. I usually see them in slim pants however, my thighs and calves are too thick to wear anything slim.  &nbsp;  Also, can a size zip boot be worn in the same way as a chelsea/jodhpur boot?	episode_done:True
text:Negative Self-Talk re: Fashion Choices	labels:not sure if this helps contribute to the conversation, but i gained a little weight during covid, which isnt the problem, the problem is that i was eating shitty food all the time. i went up in bra size and pants about 1-2 sizes.  &#x200B;  so i made a point to go through my pants/shirts (i wear alot of crop tops in warmer months) and put them into a bag and they go in the back of the closet until i want to try them on again. I was spending so much time trying to fit into my old clothes and just having anxiety attacks. i bought a few pairs of pants that fit and am just trying to roll with that and not keep trying on clothes that dont fit and punishing myself.	episode_done:True
text:I’m surprised people completely missed this. These trends were all over my social media	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Brand MegaReview: Zara | January 30, 2021	labels:2012 through about 2014 I was out of college, unemployed for stretches, underemployed for others, and underpaid for the rest. After being unemployed post-college in 2012 and living with my parents, and then my entire annual income in 2013 was about $13,000 while I was living on my own, and somewhere around $20,000 in 2014. I had some freelance gigs here and there where I could pull in $500 or $1000 bucks outside my reported income, but I was ostensibly "living in poverty" for a few years.  Zara was honestly kind of a godsend in that period, I needed somewhat fashionable clothing but had basically no money to spend on it. I work in the contemporary art world and dressing well is literally part of my job. While Zara isn't exactly highly respected, I was able to get some decent looking clothing on the cheap.  Today I find it easy to criticize Zara, whether it's the stolen designs, or the fast fashion model, or the inconsistent sizing, the sweatshop labor, and so on, but I admit that for a moment in my life they were a really useful utility. When I didn't have money for clothes but I needed decent looking clothes, Zara was one of the best options available to me. There's a lot of better options in the world if you have time and money, as I do now, but I'd be a hypocrite to ignore the benefit they provided me when I had neither time nor money.  Also while they're not exactly a "buy it for life" brand, their clothes didn't fall apart on me either, so, I'll give them props for that. Everything lasted an appropriate amount of time for the price.
text:Actually Sustainable: How Brands Are Going Vintage	labels:Or buy fewer clothes of much better quality which suit your physique, in a colour which suits your complexion and of a style which is classic. Had most of my cashmere sweaters getting on for twenty years now. Likewise my John Smedleys. Trousers made to measure have had for around fifteen years.
text:We like cool shit	labels:And also produce a lot of good stuff. I grew up on Japanese tech for example, the idea of using another brand than Sony for my TV, another brand than Panasonic for my HiFi or another brand than Canon for photos is just unfathomable to me.  My first watch was a Seiko, my first comics were about Goku and my first princess was Peach on all kinds of Nintendo.
text:Review: Brunello Cucinelli Men's Deerskin Derby Shoes	labels:How are their jeans?
text:Shitpost Saturday: The Most Important Item in your Shopping Cart	labels:Ew gross, you think I'd ever buy from a place that has anything for $9? It sounds like you're a Forever 21 whore who wears polyester and hates slave children. I don't shop fast fashion sweaty. Unlike others, I care about a little thing called ethics.   **Sent from my iPhone** (did you know Apple is SAVING THE WORLD by forcing me to pay extra for a fucking charger wrapped in extra plastic? I <3 buying from ethical companies)	episode_done:True
text:Rugbies are sick: an inspo album	labels:Really dig the rugby with casual tailoring. I should wear mine more but the fit is kind of weird, just a little too long	episode_done:True
text:Help with 2020 post-COVID scrubs style	labels:For your last question, you are doing important work and if looking good helps you feel good, nobody should question that choice!	episode_done:True
text:Work is the only place I go, too. I’ve gotten a little experimental in my work clothes. For example, today I look like what would happen if the staff at Rick Owens got laid off and had to tone it down and work office temp jobs. It’s definitely edgier than what I’d usually wear, but definitely not inappropriate. I’m digging it.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Same in MN homes.  I do NOT fuck around with that winter weather.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 30, 2020	labels:Are there any good jeans that have a gusset? The Lululemon ABC pants have one but they only have 2 colors	episode_done:True
text:When to start saving clothes for your children?	labels:My Mum saved some of her clothing for me. I really cherish the pieces she gave me. My favourite is a black velvet dress she wore a lot in her mid twenties. She also saved some of my nicest baby clothes, so I could use them with my future daughters.  Almost all the items that she saved were high quality velvet, lace and silk. They also were in solid colors.   In most instances it was items she didn't fit in anymore but had an emotional attachment to, so they stayed in the back of her closet until I hit my late teens. She made most of the items, a couple were purchased, and some were made for her. Since she has a talent for sewing and repair, all the items were kept in top condition. She didn't give me all the pieces at once. She would offer to lend me a dress for an event, and I'd try it on. Then she would tell me the story behind it, and say it was mine if I wanted it.   I have wool coats and leather jackets that I'm using currently, but will put away for future generations when they don't fit anymore or I change up my style. After an unfortunate pen in the laundry mishap I've also considered purchasing doubles of items I really enjoy. If something happens I'll have a spare. If nothing does I'll have a vintage-with-tags gift for future children ☺️ purchasing items specifically for future generations seems a bit high pressure though..  My Mum also saved shoes and boots for me but our shoe size is different so that didn't work out unfortunately.   My husband (at 30yo) is saving some clothes he felt he had grown out of for any future sons we may have. It's stored in the attic.   Solid pieces in quality materials that are cared for and stored properly are likely to be received well. I'm thankful my Mum saved her best clothing over the years for me. Obviously saving every ragged Walmart t shirt is going to become a case of hoarding like other posters mentioned. But if it's a reasonable amount of high quality pieces and you have storage space then why not? It's family heirlooms and history.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 02, 2021	labels:I found this sub a few days ago. Now it's my new year's resolution: linger, read, learn, profit and build a new wardrobe over the course of 2021. Just wanted to say hi, I'm the new guy and I'm here to stay
text:Fellow clothing trackers, what coveted items are you tracking now?	labels:A black monki dress with big buttons, midi length, slits on the side, pockets and a waist band. I bought one a year or two ago and it's my perfect dress for everything. I've been dying to get another one or, if I recall correctly, they also sold it in orange with some sort of print but I haven't found it so far	episode_done:True
text:Cuz I think khaki and looks bad together personally, alot of times formality-wise you are clashing, and i think if your at beginner level it's hard to really communicate anything with black and khaki. I've seen black and khaki work but only when the wearer was intentionally wearing and exploring that clash.	labels:So like no khaki pants and black quarter zip? Personally I don't mind it at all. Your referring to the tan khaki?
text:2 chest pockets, 2 hip pockets, 2 inside pockets, two map pockets, 2 pen pockets, and 1 sandwich pocket	labels:Only one sandwich pocket?!  Pass.
text:Alternative to bras?	labels:I used to think this until I started buying bras that fit me properly. I can't give any specific recs because you and I are not the same shape. All I can suggest is that you go to a department store with a good range of brands and styles and try them on.	episode_done:True
text:A discussion about “knockoff culture”	labels:>there is no world in which I will ever buy a 10k coat, so buying a cheaper dupe isn’t taking business away from anyone.   Yup. How it all plays out legally, of course, is its own issue. But luxury brands are not depending on my business and I never feel bad buying copycats (of the same style, that is. I wouldn’t purchase an article of clothing with a fake logo, for instance, but that’s me personally.)   I also find that fiercely anti-knockoff attitudes can become classist very easily. And the topic of ethics in this regard really gets to me, too. I don’t think it’s fair to criticize the ethics of consumers in a rigged economy.   (Not saying that OP suggested any of this, it just came to mind.)  EDIT: this was meant to be a reply to someone in the thread, but it’ll work	episode_done:True
text:What are some unexpected surprises you've found with certain clothing brands that are known for other things?	labels:I was surprised that Abercrombie wasn't just mall crap for teenagers anymore. It's not the heritage company it once was either, it's just a lower-end mall brand now with a lot of solid basics.
text:What brand of underwear do you get? I also struggle with underwear. But no try ons at the store. Sometimes they cut into my pubic bone/thigh area a little or rub my butt the wrong way.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What fashion items on your Christmas list?	labels:I want a nightgown. Like the sort of nightgown you'd wear on the balcony overlooking the vast grounds of your mansion you inherited after your husband died under suspicious circumstance. I know exactly what I want, but I've not yet managed to find one that's somewhat affordable, but not made from plastic.
text:I got two black pairs of Uggs a couple Christmases ago. One pair is the classic length and one is the shorter ankle length. Both incredibly comfy and versatile with my mostly black wardrobe. I went through a phase last winter where didn't wear them because I read this article that basically shit on adults who wore Uggs. My parents spent a good deal of money to get me them and I asked for them, and let a random bitter writer shame me out of wearing them. This year of the pandemic has brought about a new side of my personality that's just like "fuck you, life is too short and fragile to not wear what I want and be cozy AF" and I do not regret it.  I'm not hate wearing my Uggs, I'm spite wearing them.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Throwback Thursday: Revisiting "How to Determine Your Body Type" and "On Dressing Your Body Type"	labels:There is a ton of great info in these, though I think what I found most interesting was the section in Body Type about other measurements and proportions, because it offered a clearer explanation of why you might measure as one type and not look it.  Both guides still felt outdated, not only because of the fashion examples, but because the popular silhouette has shifted more in favor of a dramatic hourglass/pear and there more leeway in what’s considered flattering in general.  There already seems to be a lot of (understandable) dislike towards typing systems, so I could see it being beneficial to **start off** with reframing, i.e. “having an understanding of your body shape/silhouette allows you to present it in the way that you feel is most flattering”, and then moving into an explanation of the types (instead of getting right into it/breaking down all the problems before trying to convince you it’s still useful,) the shapes/silhouettes, and how to attain them. Personally, I’d love it if you could go “my body is shaped more like this type, doing xyz would help me look more like that type.” and a mention of each type being more easily read as masculine/feminine/androgynous, though it’d have to be handled delicately;  I just think it’d be helpful for people trying to present themselves more in those ways.	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for the clarification, I'm gonna add this to the post.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Good point! I'd love to see some recommendations in the comment section.	labels:Heroine is also good! I've bought things from there.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 29	labels:Sold on Grailed for the first time in years and didn't consider postage cost and Grailed's percentage so I ended up making a clean £42 profit on a matching Universal Works blazer and trouser set.  B R U H
text:Stealing her style: Nicole Kidman as "Grace Fraser" in "The Undoing"	labels:You did a great job! I think that everyone on that show was styled impeccably, even if not as eye-grabbing as Kidman’s looks. There was fastidious attention given to colors and silhouettes and the characters were so carefully considered in making those choices. I keep meaning to look up who was in charge of the styling, because they are a GENIUS.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 05, 2021	labels:I'm not sure if this is the place to ask but is there a subreddit for country style(not sure if thats what yall call it) fashion? Plaid shirts, jeans, boots, etc.  edit: also looking for websites that sell these kind of clothes. im super new so any help I greatly appreciate.
text:Does anyone invest in real jewelry?	labels:Im 24 now, my entire life my grandmother has gifted me high quality pieces for important occasions in my life. A small silver, engraved, velvet lined jewelry holder when i was born, small 14kt studs when i got my ears pierced, small diamond earring for my 13th birthday, etc  As I got older and had my own money I decided to do it too. I hate fast fashion jewelry because it ruins so quickly and dont buy it, so i enjoy hunting for the perfect piece for each special occasion. Over time other family members have also gifted me nice pieces (new and heirloom) because my family knows how much I enjoy them.  Some of my own favorite pieces are vintage that i've bought at antique stores. I also buy gold filled or gold vermeil on etsy.	episode_done:True
text:Regular people have mental illness.  Rich people have *glamorous* mental illness	labels:Exactly. Regular people are hoarders. Rich people are ✨eccentric
text:Model poses while online shopping	labels:They do that when the fit if the garment is inferior. It is intentional.  Beware items that have this kind of photography, because most of the time it means the garment has bad construction, weird seam placement, or unfortunate details.  Well constructed items are not shot in this manner. Brands want to show off their excellent construction. It is known.  Hope that helps!
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 06, 2020	labels:What casual shoes have a thicker sole? Looking for something with a thicker sole and more of a vans or converse aesthetic and not nike or adidas.	episode_done:True
text:that's awesome. i've been thinking about learning to sew myself — any resources you recommend for getting into it?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Best use of Sashiko, Best Suit, Best Fit Overall, Best Photography	labels:	episode_done:True
text:You. I like your attitude.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Oh god I forgot that show existed.  There goes January.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What's r se a vil and why is he a dumbass for the uninitiated	labels:It’s Rose Anvil, a YouTuber who cuts shoes in half and doesn’t seem like he has the strongest grasp on shoe construction or leather.	episode_done:True
text:If you could get yourself one fashion gift, what would it be?	labels:I'd get a really nice piece of outerwear, either a coat in a quality material like wool or a leather or shearling jacket. If you live somewhere with colder weather during part of the year, outerwear is something you'll be wearing all the time so it's worth investing in a piece that's great quality, keeps you warm and makes a statement. I think an amazing jacket or coat will elevate even the most basic outfit, whether it's a more classic piece, something utilitarian like a puffer jacket or something more extravagant. Personally I think Acne, Chloe and Tibi are brands that make great high-end outerwear in a variety of styles.
text:Favorite brands to thrift?	labels:Vintage Ralph Lauren. I don’t know why, but those 90s button ups are great.	episode_done:True
text:This quote is really resonating with me and how I'm feeling my approach to fashion changing right now too. Thank you for sharing!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:You can always get a cheap one and play with it. Look out for them in thrift stores.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How did you find your style/tips for a cohesive style	labels:Personally I’m still somewhat new too this but I’ve had many different fashion phases and have done many different looks throughout my three years of personal fashion experimentation. I feel the biggest thing that’s helped me is sticking to a sort of color scheme.    It’s definitely not for everyone necessarily but it’s helped a lot as I have grown my wardrobe, slowly adding more colors. It makes things very easy to match. I started with three colors ( I know that’s extremely little however) now I’m up to six!  I feel accessories ( not just jewelry necessarily but belts, hats , bags etc. ) are also very important to obtaining a certain look.   I feel organizing ones closet can also really help. There’s no specific way I’d necessarily recommend I organize mine by grouping items article then group them by color , as I mentioned color and matching things is very important to my personal style so that’s what makes sense for me.   Hope this could help some! I’m new at this too as I mentioned lol!
text:I have some experience with this. when I worked at Macy's, our stock search was more accurate than the website. if you don't have a relationship with a specific associate, calling at an off-time (meaning not Friday night or Saturday, weekdays are a safe bet) is the way to go.   Banana Republic's website was more accurate than the stock search ~4 years ago, don't know if that's changed. they're willing to ship from a store, their infrastructure just isn't as good as a department store's. don't bother with Forever 21-type stores, but mall stores are worth a shot. I remember J. Crew being ok about this.  smaller stores/sites are generally good about this. Tuckernuck and Emerson Fry let you sign up to be notified when something goes back in stock (usually from a return). also, you can generally find out about restocks from smaller brands' social media.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 11, 2021	labels:Anyone tried the brooklinen robes? Looking for some cozy and plus bath/spa robes	episode_done:True
text:Is anyone into MBTI? Do you feel like your fashion preferences align with your personality type?	labels: I'm  an infp, when it comes to colours I mostly wear greens/ orange/ dusty pink,  and cream/ black neutrals. I like florals, colourful stripes and polka dots. I also wear other patterns if they are in a smaller scale. I prefer fitted/ cropped tops, with looser bottoms. So a typical outfit would be a cute top, mom jeans/ paperbag shorts and sneakers. In winter I'd also wear a cropped sweater/ wrap sweater (it's not cold where I live). Sometimes I wear dresses/ skirts, but it needs to be both comfortable and flattering. I only wear sneakers in every day situations, and when dressing up it's wedge sandals/ thick heeled booties. I walk uncomfortably in other types of shoes so I avoid them. Overall I might align with it? I wear cute things but nothing too crazy	episode_done:True
text:People who built your wardrobe consciously from scratch - what were your strategies?	labels:I'm a fashion graduate and have worked in fashion in some way since college, I found while I tended to make my own clothing or shop in thrift stores I was still hoarding clothing constantly (mainly with a "oh that fabric might come in handy even if I don't wear that!").   I moved to the UK from the States and realised my South Coast wardrobe wouldn't really work in London. I brought a few staples such as dungarees and jeans that fit like a glove with me and then just rebuilt when I moved.   I tend to ask myself   * Will I wear this in five years time?  * Is this well made? * Does it match at least three other things I own? * Does it make me feel good?   I found that I stayed away from things that were just a 'good deal' and fads. I don't have a Pinterest but I definitely know that I prefer earth tones and tend to stick to those :)	episode_done:True
text:Gorpcore: How Arc’teryx Parkas and Salomon Hiking Boots Became High Fashion	labels:This style has been popular since I can remember in high school (I’m 31 now and grew up East Coast close to DC). If you had a North Face or Helly Hansen jacket back then, you were cool (and also had money). It was kinda funny seeing kids rock their NF Steep Tech jackets to class when we don’t get THAT much snow here. My wardrobe now mostly consists of Patagonia, LL Bean, and North Face. I love the retro designs from the 90s that are coming back.   I have to say, Patagonia is by far my favorite brand. Quality pieces that both look good and are practical that last for years. It’s an expensive brand but worth every penny IMO.	episode_done:True
text:The Pajama Spectrum	labels:I used to sleep naked before I had kids.   Now I wear a underwear and a cami, since they don't sleep through the night yet.    It's enough clothing that I don't feel completely naked, but it's light (and close fitting) enough that I don't get overheated or twisted up in my sheets.	episode_done:True
text:What The Designer Behind Common Projects Did Next	labels:The overlap between fashion and industrial design is a super interesting space (I say this as an ID student) but you usually see Product designers working on fashion rather than the other way around. I really like the approach and direction of these designs, that chair has obvious Marcel Breuer DNA but stands on its own feet.	episode_done:True
text:I'm happy with my choices.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:L.L.Bean x Todd Snyder Collection	labels:Fuck that Duck Boot knit absolutely slaps and it’s already sold out :’(	episode_done:True
text:who would pay more than 13 cents for a shirt anyway   I work in IT btw	labels:Depends, how many pockets does it have.
text:What does your shoe wardrobe look like? What are your shoe essentials?	labels:Hahaha I have a lot of shoes bc I like them. A selection of the ones I wear most described:  Black and white adidas runners  Mayari style non birkenstocks from softmoc  Platform espadrille nude sandals from a sketchy Costco overstock  Black, 3 inch heel combat boots from Steve madden  Black basic 3 inch ankle boots from a Nordstrom house brand  Red velvet 3 inch ankle boots from misguided or nasty gal, don't recall  Leopard Highwood Lotta from Stockholm  3 inch black lazer cut shooties from Clark's  Pink tweed slip on runners from call it spring  3 inch glitter silver stilettos from some random Chinese Amazon brand (dream pairs I think)  Black riding boots, knee high, from coach  And finally 5 mos of the year, black winter blundstones since I live in Canada. I have some other random pairs too that I wear less, like black glittery pumps from a wedding I was in, black velvet pumps, thigh high boots i hardly ever wear, etc	episode_done:True
text:Let's talk about sleepwear-- what are your favorite pjs?	labels:I tend to plug the cool nights line from Soma a lot. They have a bunch of different styles, the fabric is soft and cool, and they last quite a while. I especially like all the different lace cami options and cute patterns.	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Pockets in Women's Clothing	labels:One giant pocket over each boob! I love nothing more than unsolicited male attention and anything to further attract gaze to the gazongas is much appreciated. I think this could also be a fun revolution in expanding the normal range of breast silhouettes from round (boring) to whatever shape occurs when I toss my iPhone triple X max plus and 17 chapsticks into my boob pockets.
text:Love him.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:fwiw, I got some of the shirts and was impressed with the quality actually!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 03, 2020	labels:Does anyone own one of the Levi’s Vintage clothing 1950’s tee shirts?  I grabbed some on sale and I typically wear a S/M depending on brand. I ordered smalls and they fit just on the cusp of being too tight in the body.  However I see a review on the Levi’s website that says they stretch quite a bit after some wear.  Can anyone confirm this or provide some input, thanks!	episode_done:True
text:Annual Capes, Cowls, and Cloaks	labels:Hunter mains have gone too far	episode_done:True
text:Formula for a put together outfit that works for most aesthetics	labels:I like this as a help for when I'm not confident in a look. Most of the time i feel i can style things well, but this is interesting to think on.	episode_done:True
text:That's probably the single most recognizable quote of his outside diehard avant-garde fashion circles. It needs some contextualizing though. Like everything else, you have to consider where the speaker is coming from. Rick is addicted to working out. He's on steroids. His addiction is understandable because before he got into working out he was doing drugs and was, by his own admission, on a very unhealthy path. His wife got him into working out instead. But he's effectively swapped one addiction for another. Working out is generally one of the best things you can do for your health, but not when you're pushing 60 and regularly taking steroids. When it comes to that Rick quote, it's worth knowing that he's not speaking from a well-balanced position.  All that is to say, the general spirit of the quote is solid advice. But Rick Owens is probably not a good authority on moderation, which as with all activities, should be a part of your workout routine.	labels:Can I get a source on that? All I could find were some articles where he took steroids when he was younger but has been sober for a while.	episode_done:True
text:If you could only have one overcoat, what would it be?	labels:i dress pretty much along the lines of standard slp (slp-lite? i can't afford real slp lmao) but i live in chicago and it's cold as fuck here--a well-tailored topcoat isn't gonna cut it. there's this one absurdly warm abercrombie parka i picked up earlier this year, and layered with sweaters and scarves, it does a good job of keeping me warm!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 19, 2021	labels:Just copped some skinny stretch raws, failing no jawnz January and putting my wideboi card in danger of being revoked. Forgive me MFA
text:Its synonymous with try hard in my mind it's shaming someone for looking different. like sorry you can see I tried? Lmao	labels:Really like this take	episode_done:True
text:Haven’t purchased from them but All Saints is another good entry level leather jacket. Just make sure you strike on a good sale (30%-50% off).	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Tucking in shirts	labels:i tuck everything in. literally everything. shirts, blouses, sweatshirts, sweaters.. even my kimonos. it’s fun to me to play around with what works and what doesn’t work.   as someone said, chuck on a cardigan and see how you feel with your shirt tucked in. it can be weird at first, especially if you‘ve never done it before	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 07, 2021	labels:I raise a glass of wine tonight in honour of my father, may he rest in peace. It was as peaceful and painless as we could have wished for.
text:People with crazy hair, how do you plan your outfits to go with your hair color?	labels:My hair is currently pink, has been grey, blue, purple, pastel pink, lilac, mint green, blonde, etc. It's been easy because almost everything I own is black.	episode_done:True
text:Uniform dressing is the best!!  I have a VERY casual job (dog handler at a daycare) with an actual uniform (if very loose - t-shirts and hoodies with the logo) and it's lovely.  I don't have to think about it beyond checking the weather and seeing if I need two layers of fleece leggings and snow pants or if I need shorts and a wide-brimmed hat.  I now have a "uniform" for off days too.  Still super casual, but it's an easy selection.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Reigning Champ - Construction Quality of Pima Jersey T Shirt vs. American Giant	labels:That’s a property of the Pima cotton with washing.   It would be like if I made a post about the leather on a pair of John lobbs creasing
text:I Dyed My Jeans With $6 Dye and Here Are The Results	labels:I've dyed many a pair of Jean's before, I always get the same black ones from primark that I wear to work because I know they fit really well, but the colour starts to fade quickly so I redye them so I can wear them to work for longer :)	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 03	labels:Wishing safety for all the US guys going to vote today!
text:General Discussion - November 30, 2020	labels:<rant>  If I said "Wear cropped jackets so you look taller" I'd be laughed out of the room but somehow "Short people shouldn't wear long coats" is a valid thing?   Also what's defined as short? If someone is 5'7" do they get to wear long coats? What if they're 5'7.5"??  It also throws the idea out the window of the whole horizontal breaks thing that people complain about for cropped trousers or high-waisted pants. Suddenly you have a wonderful garment type that can give you long, **tall**, and elegant lines and it's impossible to wear.   People complain all the damn time about menswear being too "restrictive" and women's wear being more "exciting" but everyone is too much of a wimp to wear a ~ L O N G C O A T ~.  I fucking hate fashion "rules" and "guidelines" and literally everything having to do with the word "flattering". If you care so much about these gender norms, masculinity and being ~ flattering ~ then sack up and wear the clothes you like.   That whole thread is just people saying that someone else told them they couldn't *wear a coat* so what should they do? Oh idk. How about tell them to fuck off and wear the damn coat.  </rant>
text:What are your predictions for 2021 suit style?	labels:I would say that suits in general have been on the downtrend among white-collar types; a lot of jobs just don’t demand it anymore. I think the pandemic and bankruptcies you mentioned may push that trend further, but it was already on its way.  As far a changes in the style of common suits: I think super wide/skinny lapels are definitely on their way out (if they’re not already there), looser fits may make a comeback, and I feel that somewhat bolder colors might be a bit more popular.   As for the more fashion-forward: I feel like I’ve been seeing more belted suits, skirt suits/skirts + blazers (on men; @ Harry Styles), and asymmetric details. Obviously that’s getting into the world of fashion show stuff, so it doesn’t influence most of us that much, but it’s worth talking about.
text:What do you think about having a signature style vs. a variety of looks?	labels:I have three or four distinct styles. Most of the time I like wearing dark, edgy punk-inspired clothes. However, I’m a style chameleon. If I need to be professional, I have a whole separate wardrobe of high-quality suiting. Take out my piercings, and I’ll have anyone fooled that that’s the realest me. In the summer and family gatherings I often wear more earthy boho and beachy surfer looks. Fashion is a great tool for self-expression, matching the mood, and setting the mood.
text:>of course instagram is fucking creepy so you cannot create an account without it being instantly linked to friends/family on my main account  I'm not sure how I did it. Facebook managed to link my accounts at some point, but it mostly only effects ads/that annoying thing in the feed under the "you're all caught up" bullshit -- my friends mostly haven't found me, except the ones I've shared my profile with.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I'm glad you like it! I agree, long button coats give me strong dark academia vibes.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are your favorite straight leg jeans?	labels:I just got my first pair of the Levis Wedgie Icon jean and I am.... deeply in love. I haven't felt this way about a pair of pants in years. They are perfect -- straight (but still a little tapered), hits at my ankle for length, high rise, rigid denim. I have them in the Charleston Stroll wash which is a pretty standard blue jean color, but I have already looked at getting them in a black or gray wash for winter. A+ would recommend.
text:Fall Fit Battle - Final Four - Discussion	labels:Wool. Pants.  Nice.	episode_done:True
text:Dressing 'out of time' (vintage/history bounding)	labels:I regularly look like a time traveling medieval witch. My wardrobe includes modernized kirtles, stays and petticoats. So yeah.  I got started long long ago when I was a historical costumer who decided that I really liked the way my medieval gear looked for everyday wear. Plus it's pretty practical for a cold winter. I make most of my historybounding gear still though I'll pick up anything that I find randomly that I think I can reuse.   People around me rarely react to my outfits. Occasionally I'll get compliments on them but I can full on wear a late Victorian walking skirt in public and nobody notices that it's a Victorian walking skirt. They do notice the pretty embroidery and I get comments on that. This trick relies on having a fairly modern silhouette for most of my stuff though. No obvious bustles and corsets. Mix in the occasional modern style clothing and it just sort of blends into people thinking I have a quirky fashion sense.  I have never felt a desire to hand sew underwear for a guinea pig. I'm honestly not the biggest Bernadette Banner fan girl. She's cool enough but she rarely goes into enough detail for me to replicate her techniques. There are other youtubers I like better for showing off how to do stuff in more detail.   I currently working on a piece that's inspired by Victorian depictions of medieval witches that's almost finished though. Next up is going to be a dress that's kinda sorta based on a Roman stola but with elastic cord involved.	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone else feel that nothing is unfashionable nowadays?	labels:The present always feels “neutral”. I think if you watch any reality show from the early 2010s, even as late as 2014-15, you’ll see a big difference from what was considered “no defining silhouette” then. things like just a tshirt change slightly in cut and shape over time.
text:What are your predictions for 2021 suit style?	labels:Masks kept in breast pocket like pocket-squares.
text:Wardrobe not updated	labels:I think it is a sign of the times “what will I wear out when I get vaccinated”?  It will be spring or summer by then.  A sundress and sandals for me, and a sunhat because I am very pale now.	episode_done:True
text:There's far too much merchandise, too much of the same stuff, too much complete junk to sort through, and a lot of sellers who have no idea how to sell their items. The categories and filters aren't that well thought-out, so you need to have a pretty specific idea of what keywords to search (or the patience to go through multiple categories). They could seriously improve the site for sellers and buyers by reorganizing their categories, adding boxes for measurements (and a checkbox for "listing contains measurements"), and removing items that don't sell after 6 months (the seller could always relist, but there are hundreds (probably thousands) of items that haven't even been updated in a year and sellers who seem to have abandoned their accounts).  As far as I know, you can't even set alerts for certain keywords or filters, which makes it even harder to use than Ebay--that said, when I do secondhand shop/browse I prefer Poshmark because it's easier to see at a glance whether the information is all there, which is a key aspect in whether I even consider buying an item.	labels:Yes absolutely with the old listings and abandoned accounts. I feel like everyone and their mother is jumping aboard the selling train right now, but the wholesalers grind my gears. No escaping them in this day and age, but eBay is worse than Poshmark because it’s nothing but Chinese scammers and drop shippers from Ali express and Taobao. Same for Etsy. Poshmark seems to have less of that (for now) at least in the categories I browse. But I agree there’s way too much crap on there. You can pretty much only sell if it’s a higher end brand name piece of clothing and not just general clothes because there are so many accounts with literally 1000 pieces of fast fashion garbage eternally listed   I’ll also add the constant invitation to go to peoples dumb selling parties and people constantly sharing my items is weird as a casual seller. I get that they’re trying to make it like a social media thing but it’s pretty transparent people are sharing my stuff so I’ll share theirs but I don’t have time for that and it clogs up my notifications so I’ve missed people bundling my stuff  Edited because i fumbled trying to correct it and hit send too soon!
text:Yessss. Burberry trench all the way.	labels:I second the Burberry trench! You can layer it with a sweater underneath during colder months! It’s versatility is endless	episode_done:True
text:If you like a piece of clothing but don't want to support the brand that made it, buying it secondhand is a win-win-win situation. You get the clothing you like, the problematic brand doesn't make any money off of your purchase, and you're saving that piece of clothing from ending up in a landfill.   Another option for how you can reply when someone asks where your clothing is from is to say you thrifted it. It's the truth and it might also encourage that person to shop sustainably and secondhand instead of supporting fast fashion or otherwise unethical companies.	labels:Agreed! I love the point of stating that you thrifted it instead of focusing on the brand. It's similar to buying fur secondhand.	episode_done:True
text:Furthermore I don’t WANT to count total pieces. I probably own 7 black v neck sweaters, and twice that number in black sweaters total. (I wear them for work and since I work in foodservice I can’t get multiple wears out of them.) 🤷🏼‍♀️	labels:Haha same that’d be such a chore	episode_done:True
text:What are "iconic" items that you should know about, and their basic history? What items can singularly be identified as "starting a trend"?	labels:Rick Owens pods and dunks, of course	episode_done:True
text:What is your favorite clothing/accessories subscription box?	labels:Is your main goal of using a subscription service to save time shopping or because you need help with picking the clothes?  For me it would be to save time shopping because I love picking my own clothes, but I have always felt that the inventory with the subscription services is too narrow.  Another reason I have shied away from subscription services like Stitch Fix is trust.  I don't trust that they aren't sending the inventory they are trying to get rid of before they bring new inventory in.  I like to use a platform where people save their favorites and I can shop from what they have saved!
text:General Discussion - January 06, 2021	labels:US: Wtf? An attempted coup in our country?  Latin American countries: First time?  Jokes aside, i hope the situation gets under control quickly and the next administration jails all the perpetrators (the current one obviously wont do a thing)
text:Sock It To Me: Novelty Sock Appreciation Post	labels:I love the cactus.	episode_done:True
text:For many people on this sub fashion is a hobby, and so they don't mind spending a bit more on quality items. Some materials (e.g. wool/ leather) are just more expensive.  There's also the question of quality. A 500€ leather jacket may be usable for 20 years, while a 100€ one will deteriorate after 2.   The reality is though, people on this sub rarely pay full price for their items. Many buy during store discounts or second hand. Buying second hand is a great way to get quality clothing for little money! Find some brands that you like and then go look for them used.  Many people (me definitely included) are working with a small budget, it's definitely possible!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:[Inspo Album] Inspired by a recent Red and Pink Comment: An Inspo album of unexpected, but totally wearable, color combos	labels:I feel personally attacked. I've done all of the "dont's" on this list  several times and thought it was cute 😂  Great album!
text:How do you shop at TJ Maxx/Marshall’s?	labels:Short of getting a bit of insider info, I think the only way to really have success at those stores is to browse them at least once a week (probably twice).  My aunt tends to go every other day and finds some amazing stuff…because she goes *every other day*.  She says it doesn’t take her long because she’s so familiar with their stock, but it still seems exhausting to me.  (As opposed to spending three hours scrolling through Poshmark in bed every night…)
text:Stylish ways to carry emergency medication?	labels:Is there a reason why you haven’t switched from an epi pen to an Auvi-Q auto injector? It’s much smaller and is shaped like a pack of cigarettes. It’s a huge difference from lugging around those giant epi pens.	episode_done:True
text:One thing about them is that their clothes have _heft_. Everything, even t-shirts, are way thicker than a lot of other low-to-middle end stuff.  It's a double edged sword, because their shorts are too hot for me to wear in the summer, but their buttondowns are very comfortable in the winter.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 13, 2020	labels:I feel like an MFA REAL TALK thread is overdue
text:Autumn Headwear | The Styleforum Journal	labels:The way you pull of an actual fedora is inspiring.  Unfortunately, I have a light build and babyface, so it's not in the cards for me.
text:Who are your fashion idols?	labels:Queen Rania of Jordan for my real-life inspiration but I don’t have the proclivity towards color and ability to pull off fun prints yet...so I am still more in the fictional realm of Claire Underwood.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 29, 2020	labels:Anyone having experience buying sunglasses from Zenni Optical or EyeBuyDirect?	episode_done:True
text:I am on the same fence! My only issue is that cashmere/silk needs to be hand washed and I am the wooorst at putting off hand washing.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Totally.  To me, Gen Z is a lot of clothing that isn’t work appropriate but super fun. A lot of crop tops, bra tops, spaghetti straps, usually some tummy showing, and then some baggy pants. Lots of thrifting and also cheap fast fashion. Doc Martens and other platform shoes. Very 90s/early 2000s. Long acrylic nails, false lashes. Really fun and can be a really “hot but trashy” style   Millennial fashion is more professional/better quality/structured. Linens, trousers, heels, sandals, etc. Frankly I think it has to do with millennials having more money. Low key hair, nails and makeup. Neutral colours and patterns. It’s a more mature style   I’m 25 so I get to do both 😎 woohoo	labels:I think Gen Z doesn't believe in "trashy" as much as other generations did.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 23, 2020	labels:Keep trying to wear beanies and I look like a doofus. How are you supposed to put these on your head without looking like you're 5 and have a perfectly round balloon head
text:General Discussion - October 21	labels:I've recently learned from MFA that  if you are under 6' tall you are considered "short AF"
text:Dream Unconventional/ Unrealistic Fashion Accessories- Discussion	labels:I like ballgown dresses and wish we still wore them. They're really pretty. Normally the only dresses you can get me to wear are mini-dresses with some joggers. Other then that I don't know a whole lot about fashion and I have an affinity early 2000's/90's/80's clothing style.	episode_done:True
text:Runways have been sending out 2000s vibes. Anyone onboard?	labels:I'm just going to lay it out there: I hate it. I hate the return of the Mean Girls/bitchy rich white girl/fucking velour Juicy tracksuit look. Probably because I started high school in 2001 and it was like the hey day of bland tackiness and Paris Hilton and I'm too close to it, lived it a little too much, to find any novelty in it. SO vapid. I was slightly vapid and a little mean for a while around that time before I came into myself and I don't like the reminders.  What I do like about the looks above though, is that I see the 60s and 90s Spice Girls influences and I can get into that.  Edit: also, on occasion, I wear low rise pants, but I like looking at trends for inspiration and new ideas, not dictating what I can or can't wear. If you like low rise jeans and hipster minis, rock em. If not, fuck em forever, who cares.
text:I mean, the picture in the article is a plaid suit, but I take your point	labels:	episode_done:True
text:weak points or *opportunities*?	labels:This guy motivates.	episode_done:True
text:Can Your Outfit Influence the Way You Feel? Enclothed cognition describes the effect that clothing have on how an individual thinks, feels, and behaves	labels:It's comforting wearing what you love. Like taking a piece of home with you and wearing it. Also being confident in what I was wearing rubbed off into being confident in myself.   Also regarding the dull colors part of the article, I think it was like that at first for me, but just changed to pieces specifically. When I would feel down I would wear the clothes I don't like as much and feel as confident in, rather than do it by color.	episode_done:True
text:I just watched her clothing tracking video and really liked it, thanks!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Covid Dilemna - Finding my style	labels:I got to do some of this in store, and honestly that was a lot easier. But when the stores closed, I ordered stuff online and tried it on at home. I ordered from Zalando, which has a ton of different brands and free returns. Trying clothes at home was pretty nice, because I could take it in for as long as I wanted, get back to some stuff on a different day and pair the new clothes with my own to see if it made a good outfit.   When you're just starting out though, it's important to actually try out a lot of different things. Don't focus on clothes you might want to buy, just get some plain things with different necklines, fits and materials to see what looks good and what doesn't.  Once you have narrowed that down, you can look for more interesting stuff that actually fits your style. So if you do this by ordering online, make sure returns are easy.   If ordering online is not an option, maybe you can borrow some clothes somewhere? Shirts, dresses and skirts also can be pinned to change their shape. And if you have old clothes you don't wear anymore you could cut them into a different fit. Things like cutting a crew neck shirt into a V-neck or a maxi dress into a midi or mini, or shortening sleeves. If you're handy with photoshop or something, you could even try that.
text:Future of fibers?	labels:Personally I don’t find it very difficult or expensive to shop for clothing made with natural fibers — if anything it’s gotten even easier to do so with online shopping and websites showing fiber content right in the product description. I don’t have to seek out brands that specialize in natural materials either — my clothing is mostly from Madewell, which doesn’t really market itself as being all that environmentally conscious or sustainable, and is definitely not a high end brand, but they have tons of options for clothing made of cotton, silk, etc.   I will say it’s gotten harder to find sweaters made of 100% wool over the years, however. I have several wool sweaters from mall brands that I bought just a few years ago. I gained some weight since then and have been looking for replacements from the same exact brands and it seems like they don’t even bother with 100% wool anymore, all of their sweaters are now made with acrylic, nylon, polyester, etc. That’s the only natural fiber that I feel has all but disappeared from the mainstream for some reason.   I will also add that I don’t think man made fibers are necessarily “cheap”, either. We’ve come a long way from man made materials of the 80s and 90s. When I think of man made fibers of today, I think of technical clothing and gear such as outdoor or sportswear. Patagonia for example is the poster child for environmentally friendly brands, but most of their clothing is made from man made materials, and their products are far from cheap. Partly because it performs better for its purpose, and partly because it’s supposed last a lifetime.  Which leads me to my last thought — IMO man made materials aren’t necessarily bad for the environment. It’s really our habits that are bad, and the industries that cater to these habits. If we all bought a few items of clothing that were all man made and lasted our lifetime, that is arguably *more* environmentally friendly than if we were constantly buying and throwing away natural fibered clothing.
text:Rebecca Minkoff has really cute styles! I did have one that had a strap break but because I got it from Nordstrom it was repaired for free. I have vintage coach and love the leather. Will look into their new stuff	labels:Oh I love Rebecca Minkoff too! Such great bags!	episode_done:True
text:FR. ive been enjoying old games recently. Its a total win  -games are cheap, save $$  -my out of date computer is more than enough to run them just fine, save $$  -history has curated the best games, so no need to gamble on something that might not be fun, saves time and $$  -maybe connected to the survivor bias mentioned above, it feels like older games relied more on story telling than mechanics and graphics. Also there are definitely modern games (especially big budget) which are designed to retain the player base and suck out the $$. Planned addiction is just a sour taste that leaves me feeling more vacant than I started (to quote that social dilemma doc.)	labels:The trick is to only play games from at least five years ago.  Bugs are fixed, popular opinion is settled, they cost like a tenner and run on any semi modern laptop.  Basically doing the cultural history of video games on a five year delay.	episode_done:True
text:Basic Bastard guide in the side bar	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Can we discuss how uncomfortable it can be to dress fashionably sometimes? Must beauty = pain? Looking for comfort tips!	labels:This is why streetwear has been my favorite trend. Now I, a 29 year old woman, can dress like I’ve given up and still be fashionable.  Sweat pants? Yes please! Tall socks folded over soft leggings? Of course! Sweaters all year round? Don’t mind if I do! Comfy shoes on all but the most special occasions? Yay!	episode_done:True
text:Words to live by tbh. Would rather be overdressed than underdressed any day, just means you'll stand out more and be more noticable. There isnt enough time in the world to look drab in my opinion.   People will rarely hate on an over-the-top look, and I usually get way more compliments with them. And people who DO hate on it are probably just insecure with their look themselves.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The OG 90s Supermodels will tell their stories in a new documentary	labels:I wonder why Claudia and Tatjana aren’t contributing?	episode_done:True
text:2020 Fall Fit Battle - Championship - Discussion	labels:Please leave some superlative categories below:
text:People with an over the top personal style, how do you incorporate it into your day to day?	labels:I wear one statement item with simple, high-quality basics. It’s hard but I remind myself “more isn’t more” and “just because you can doesn’t mean you should.”  Edit - I also make sure things fit right.   If you’ve got fit and quality right, your creativity looks classy. If it looks cheap or sloppy, then you’re more likely to get judged.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 16, 2020	labels:Wow these fits are hard to take seriously. Oh, what’s that? What do *I* wear? I dress in color with modern cuts. What are modern cuts, you ask? How do you not know? You fool. They have good colors. They have *modern* cuts. What are you not getting? They’re unlike the shit colored trash bag silhouettes you all wear. And by all, I mean *ALL*. There’s no variance, no personality in any of your echo chamber outfits. My friends and I used to dress like this 10 years ago anyways. Not only are these cuts not modern, but, even worse, they’re unoriginal.   ^ an aggregate of my favorite lurker takes in the fit battle thread. Can we get a lurkerbot made? Think that would be amazing
text:FAQ: When shopping on a budget, what items have the highest point at which they reach diminishing returns?	labels:It’s been said already but shoes, outerwear, and knits definitely. In terms of shoes, I don’t think you really need to spend obscene amounts of money or absolutely must have Goodyear welted construction to get quality or longevity out of your shoes either. In a rotation and with a minimal amount of effort in terms of care, you can get plenty of years out of more mid tier brands. With knits a good work around is just buying cotton instead of wool if you’re on a budget, most cheap wool is not great and cotton will be a bit tougher. If you’re worried about warmth just layer with some heat tech or the like.   The good thing about these 3 though are that the high quality stuff lasts forever so long as you don’t abuse it.	episode_done:True
text:Dressing Drakes on a Budget	labels:Also worth noting that Drake's can often be had far below retail if you keep an eye open.  I have two sport coats I got for ~$250 each on the Bay.   Drake's does an "archive" sale of past season stuff periodically, too. I picked up a shirt jacket for half-off last time.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 07, 2021	labels:What's the best time to catch jcrew sale restocks? I've heard they're usually from 3-4am but seems like last night's was at 2??	episode_done:True
text:Throwback Thursday: Revisiting "A Primer on Materials"	labels:Maybe add more about the various vegan leather alternatives. And how to identify a higher quality version of each type.	episode_done:True
text:American fashion designers take center stage at the US presidential inauguration	labels:Reee Biden didn't button the middle button on his 3 button over coat    /s	episode_done:True
text:I so feel the “now I have money to buy what I really want.” Years ago my style was “anything $10 or less.”	labels:	episode_done:True
text:advice on how to stop buying clothes I don't need?	labels:Stick it in your cart then close the tab. Come back to it if you’re still thinking about it a few days later. Lots of things I’ve wanted I end up not getting once I put some time between finding it and actually buying it.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 22	labels:Does anyone have any recommendations for deodorant/antiperspirant that works, doesn't smell and doesn't ruin all my t-shirts with stains that won't go away?
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 29, 2020	labels:Is the sizing of Comfort Colors long sleeve T’s inconsistent for anyone else? I bought 4 XL’s and only one fits perfectly after washing/drying. The other 3 are huge lol	episode_done:True
text:Help with 2020 post-COVID scrubs style	labels:I work as an ER scribe (will be going to medical school next fall), and I really love the Grey's Anatomy brand scrubs! They're a very flattering cut, and they've got petite sizing which is great for my 5'2'' self 😂	episode_done:True
text:I have an in home washer (and a dryer and drying racks and a clothes line. I have enough work clothes (plus socks and undies) that I can go at least two weeks without doing laundry. That is more important to me than having a minimalist wardrobe.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Yes! I agree. Especially on the see through shirts. It is such a pain.  I don’t have time for that.  The only tiny exception I have is a crew neck sweater that needs a layer underneath. Because you can throw anything under there and it helps with temperature regulation. :D	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Favorite outfit?	labels:I have a black long sleeve shirt I wear under a green plaid spaghetti strap dress with some black boots and knee socks. It’s cute and easy :D	episode_done:True
text:Big Coats	labels:I love wearing big ass coats. Makes me feel like a detective or some shit. Great album!	episode_done:True
text:Your favorite ___ for $___: Henleys	labels:# What should we do next?
text:Stay In-Vested	labels:These fits are on point	episode_done:True
text:Big Coats	labels:Aaahhh i remember when raincoats were my business, the executive was a classic!	episode_done:True
text:oh my god... I also had drooled over the Alexander McQueen silk skull print scarf back in the day! I was (and still am) also a huge fan of Mulberry and hopefully I'll be able to snag one of their bags one day. So glad you were able to make those purchases for the younger you!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Nicholas Daley Fall/Winter 2020	labels:All the outfits look badass... but #3 *speaks* to me.	episode_done:True
text:Office Clothes	labels:Uniqlo	episode_done:True
text:What true heirloom pieces do you own and how do you incorporate them into your style?	labels:many moons ago my mother took a trip to the British Isles and came back with two of the densest wool sweaters you'll ever see in your life. i'm talking chunky, itchy, but so incredibly cozy. i have one and she has one, and she doesn't even really wear hers, but i loooove mine on a cold day. makes me eager to go traveling (lol thx covid) whenever i wear it!	episode_done:True
text:What are some stores/brands that have surprised you?	labels:Old Navy has surprised me - their athletic collection is great. Some of the best leggings I own! Also like another comment stated, Abercrombie has come back in my rotation due to their rebrand
text:Rugbies are sick: an inspo album	labels:The blonde in the gold suit-- damn. Now that rugby works. In fact, it works really well with most of the suits, like its been upcycled successfully. Casual, the rugby is clothes. With a suit, its fab.	episode_done:True
text:[Inspo Album & Commentary] In Recursion: Japanese Traditionalist Futurism & Futurist Traditionalism	labels:Amazing post! Congratulations and thank you, op	episode_done:True
text:Hi everyone. What are some relatively unknown or startup luxury brands you love?	labels:I don’t know that they are exactly unknown as they are carried on net a porter and similar websites but Wandler. They dont have as much name recognition as say, By Far. However, the quality is INFINITELY better. I received a white Carly bag with a gold chain this past Thursday and I was insanely impressed with the quality of the leather and craftsmanship.   Lately I have been wanting to gravitate towards lesser known “luxury” brands for my handbags. I am tired of seeing/wearing the same Chanel/YSL/Gucci as everyone else. I want to spice it up!	episode_done:True
text:Grey wool trousers, navy blazer, maroon tie, black longwings and a Boston Brahmin accent.   Wait, that's  my family.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I came here to say this! Having words vs not having words for something doesn’t change whether or not you can see that colour lol. Language does change how you construct your worldview (eg whether you think of time as linear vs circular is often rooted in how you talk about time) but not so wholly as to affect colour.   I think more so than language, culture and location would have a huge impact on the colours you wear. I grew up in a hugely colourful country and all levels of formality allow colourful clothes, but now I live in Canada and everyone wears black and blue and grey year-round, especially in winter, even casually. As another commenter said, someone living in Alaska will likely dress in different colours vs someone in Cayman despite both speaking English.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I’m the opposite.  People assume I’m a lesbian for my love of distressed denim, nicer t-shirts, leather jackets, converse and Birkenstock’s. I also have an undercut residing beneath my bob (was a pixie pre-pandemic) and pay a lot of money to have my hair dyed untraditional colors. I’m not a lesbian. I am queer in the fact that I’m ace, but it’s always pissed me off that people assume your sexuality based on the way you dress. I just like to be comfy, my dudes.	labels:I feel this too. I am mostly straight but I relate to a lot of memes about the way bisexual women dress haha	episode_done:True
text:Colin from What We do in the Shadows?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Cotton Candy Femme Fatale: A Cassie (Promising Young Woman) inspo album	labels:I completely ignore the need to look sensible as an adult, and effectively dress as a late twenties 4 year old.
text:General Discussion - December 28, 2020	labels:Really thick into quarantine and realized I don't really have anyone to talk about fashion with anymore. It's kind of a bummer being excited about clothes and not being able to talk about it. Makes me actually want to start posting pics on WAYWT.   Been slowly replacing my closet with a lot of Todd Snyder and don't know how to feel about it lol, always wanted a "cool designer" closet but from a cost and functionality stand point it's not very doable. Good staples just get more wear in my closet, got to pick up more stand out pieces so I don't feel boring!
text:[Inspo Album] Inspired by a recent Red and Pink Comment: An Inspo album of unexpected, but totally wearable, color combos	labels:Thank you for this! I was complaining (I think on that same thread) that this sub seems to shy away from very colorful looks. I personally love color and while I don't particularly like the style of clothes you posted (I hate the oversize look), I like seeing the color combinations, particularly the yellow and pink!  Also, if anyone has trouble mixing colors, I like this app called "Color Harmonizer," there are many other types I just like this one the best, that will give you complimentary colors.	episode_done:True
text:Well now I just wanna see these fits.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:If you aren't pairing it with some Stone Island gear, do you even hooligan bro?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What do you think are the pieces of jewelry everyone should own?	labels:This is one of those things you need to pick according to what you like. Classic jewellery can look outdated.  For example, I have no interest in diamonds so have no interest in owning any (Or any imitation ones), although I would say the diamond studs are the closest to timeless you'll get. I do like pearls, but until quite recently they were not "fashionable" and read as either dated or a statement piece, depending on how you styled them and who you were. Also, pearls come in different shapes and I think the baroque pearls were less "old lady" than round ones. But Im.not sure if they were ever mainstream popular or just Etsy-boho crowd popular? So, no not necessarily timeless looking. Another thing with real pearls is they are not stones and they are perishable. They will deteriorate if you don't care for/store them correctly. If you can't be bothered with that then get glass, Swarovski make nice ones.  Turquoise and coral read as very 2000s to me (It's lovely but it just seems that way to me!) and amber very "middle aged art teacher". So again, a stone might not seem timeless. Size and shape and length of beaded necklaces go in and out of style too.  As for types, I don't like bracelets/watches much , and rings don't suit my lifestyle anymore so I don't wear any of my collection now.   Basicly, buy things you like that go with what you wear and suit your lifestyle. If you want to invest in beautiful pieces you love then do it, but don't expect any of it to be "timeless"/always look contemporary.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 13, 2021	labels:What is your guy's opinion on modern style overcoats/what would you recommend and why?
text:Also: the lesser known brand today might be the legendary brand of tomorrow.	labels:That’s a very good point!	episode_done:True
text:Adapting to age/workplace appropriate attire while staying true to yourself [discussion]	labels:I absolutely have this dilemma too. I’m starting to invest in more modest professional clothes for my personal time. At first it was hard because I kept being drawn to what’s popular at the moment that are more casual but I’m starting to find things I don’t mind wearing to a friends dinner or the office. Ex: sheath dresses	episode_done:True
text:How does your makeup style and clothing style relate? - discussion	labels:I only wear makeup in places I can’t get in trouble for it (i.e. not work) because the only makeup I own is foundation, concealer, and COLORS. I either like matching the colors of eyeshadow/liner to the colors of my clothes, or using contrasting colors. Same goes for lipstick/lipgloss.  I admit I haven’t worn ANY makeup recently because wearing a mask will just hide and smear it.	episode_done:True
text:How do deal with being pressure to find “classics” and “timeless pieces” when you feel your style is constantly changing?	labels:IMO there is \*almost\* no such thing as classic and timeless.  Just buy the things that you like, it's fine if you like trends and your style changes over time.  The idea that you become and adult and you must ditch trends is an internet myth, if you look at actual people (adults) that have some interest in style/fashion - they are following trends.  Maybe not in the same way or timeline as teenagers but they are not just wearing white buttons and trench coats all the time.  And even if they were, white button downs and trench coats are not exactly the same now as they were ten or twenty or thirty years ago.	episode_done:True
text:hell yes	labels:	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Holiday Spirit!	labels:Really like the crooklyn hat and Santa coat guy hahaha whoever that is must be really cool and be really cute and sexy and kissable hahahaha
text:For those who won't/can't go out for Halloween: what are your favourite costumes from past years?	labels:I've never really been into halloween tbh, but last year I dressed for the first time in like 20 years. I made a budget version of the flower dress and headpiece from Midsommar and my boyfriend wore are goofy bear costume.	episode_done:True
text:> "[visually] small muscles = unfit"  It's such a ridiculous opinion steeped in toxic masculinity. And it's why r/fitness is literally just a lifting sub where people unironically ask if their 20 minute walk to the gym counts as cardio. But by that logic they're fitter than endurance cyclists, marathon runners, figure skaters, jockeys, circus artists, and dancers.	labels:> circus artists, and dancers.  Add rock climbers and mountaineers and gymnasts and you've probably got about the functionally fittest group of people and they're rarely "jacked". Toned for sure but many would pass for relatively normally sized people most of the time.
text:How do you guys work towards avoiding fast fashion?	labels:I don’t. I have a $20/item budget and thrift stores never have anything in my style, let alone size. I’ve never had a quality problem with any of my purchases.	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Fashion Resolutions	labels:I'm giving up fashion, including all clothing I currently own. No clothing has got to be the most ethical thing, ya know?   2021: New Year, New Nude	episode_done:True
text:What are the pros and cons of dressing the way that you do?	labels:Well, I'm a lesbian with long hair and traditionally feminine clothes.   Pro: People assume I'm straight. This means I don't get the constant judgment that comes with looking visibly queer (unlike my fiancée, who we joke is a "50 footer" because you can tell she's a lesbian from 50 feet away). I work in healthcare and live in a politically mixed area, and everyone is automatically friendly to me.   Con: People assume I'm straight. So if I mention my fiancée people assume she's male, and if her pronouns come up I have to have this whole awkward interaction where (at best) they go "Oh--she??? Ohhhhh" and then look me up and down, awkwardly change the subject or ask me invasive questions, and stop being so friendly with me. Also, men hit on me, and women never hit on me.
text:Yearly Aesthetic Goal Setting	labels:Omg I feel inspired now!	episode_done:True
text:Tips for feeling confident when wearing stylish clothes around family?	labels:It's weird, but you just have to start doing it. You don't have to explain to anyone that you're growing up. Make sure you say thank you when you get a compliment - I didn't and it kept me feeling like a little girl for a long time.	episode_done:True
text:Manifesto, the bizarre yet intriguing sneaker: world’s first asymmetrical shoe in mass production?	labels:Those look like the car Homer Simpson's brother Herb had him design.	episode_done:True
text:The Fall Edit: Mr. Ethan M. Wong on the Rugby, Balmacaan, Western Shirt, and Raw Denim	labels:The only way to get a balmacaan is by going vintage? Okay, I guess I won't own a balmacaan after all :(
text:General Discussion - January 02, 2021	labels:I found this sub a few days ago. Now it's my new year's resolution: linger, read, learn, profit and build a new wardrobe over the course of 2021. Just wanted to say hi, I'm the new guy and I'm here to stay
text:Why Ralph Lauren Never Goes Out of Style	labels:I loved RL as a brand and I still buy there underwear, but I will never work for them as a company again	episode_done:True
text:WAYWT - December 11, 2020	labels:	episode_done:True
text:A suit is traditionally  worn at a funerals in the United States.  While this has changed somewhat over the years ( like everything with our  idiot savant-like  obsession with dressing casual)  it’s still sort of the standard for adults	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The last time I came here before moving here I saw a man covered in his own shit continuing to shit while shivering under a blanket   That was the moment where I really knew I wanted to live here	labels:Honestly, my favourite NYC Subway moment was a week after I had learned how not to make eye contact with *anyone*. A fat white man with a portable speaker on his chest walked in. He wore a baseball cap that said "JESUS!" and a hoodie that said "THE LORD".  He spoke up. With a confident voice he announced to the cart, "I am not poor or destitute, I have food and shelter, praise Jesus. I do not need and will not ask for your money. I just love to come on the subway and rap for the Lord." At this point I'm thinking "oh this is going to be *amazing*". But I had learned not to make eye contact, so I kept my eyes on my phone and my headphones in my ear. I did turn off the music though.  Indeed, he proceeded to turn on his boombox. A simple beat started playing. The fat white man tapped his foot for a few seconds and, once he got into the rhythm, he began to rap for the Lord. His voice was a bit feeble, but the meter and rhyme scheme of his verses held up. He clearly was experienced, as he came to a natural stopping point just a second shy of the next stop. There, he disembarked and disappeared.  This is probably a more or less regular occurrence for someone who lives there, but I had that warm and fuzzy "omg this is exactly like I always imagined" feeling. It was very hard to avoid looking at him, which I'm sure he would have mistaken as an invitation to talk to me. Everyone around me seemed *entirely* unfazed.
text:What “statement pieces” are you looking forward to wearing this fall?	labels:Anything that doesn’t look like a Jedi in training. For the last few fall seasons we’ve all worn boots and capes or giant sweaters over leggings. It’s tired. We need some classic fall jackets and blouses over jeans or a good skirt. Just anything but Jedi chic!
text:Rugbies are sick: an inspo album	labels:Id on nr 6? Or something with similar stripes? Love it when it's more than a few equal sized ones in the same alternating colors.	episode_done:True
text:I'm Not a Watch Guy I Swear - Street x Sprezza	labels:I am a watch guy, but very much a relatively broke one.  Had I known how much trouble it would be to break into watches, I might have said never mind and wisely walked away. I didn’t, though.   Some pointers for those interested:  1.	The cost of the watch is only the upfront cost. Like a car, a mechanical watch needs regular maintenance. Generally speaking, this will be anywhere from $300 to $1,000+...every 5-7 years.  2.	Because of point #1, entry level (~ $500) mechanical watches are not pieces you will pass down to your kids. In fact, it is usually cheaper to trash them entirely and buy new than to bother having them serviced.  3.	People will tell you there are deals to be had in the vintage market. That’s true, but it can also be difficult to find parts or people willing to work on them. 4.	There is relatively little offered between entry level and about $3,000.  5.	There is nothing wrong with wearing a quartz or digital watch.   All that being said, I still love my small collection. Just wish I had known those things from the start.
text:DAE feel they made incredibly ODD fashion purchases, this year in 2020?	labels:I bought a lot of stuff this year, I won't be adding it up because that's always scary.  But everything I bought was bought for "next year me". For when I'm at a new job that involves being in an office all day, travelling through snow and sleet and rain and sunshine 😄 Right now I'm working from home and my outfits are pajamas and slippers.  Also, there was a lot of comfort shopping too, this year has been brutal and painful. If some new boots can make me smile for a week, it's worth it.
text:Threads are like the jungle; they've got to defend the title if they want it.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I live in Lima too, you can find some pretty decent Italian brands like Ferragamo, Pal Zileri, Boggi and Zegna.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I have an anthropology professor who looks just like him, and even dresses like Early Foucault. It's impossible to separate the style from the man.	labels:Foucault, and that "shitty shabby-chic" look of French/Continental Philosophers defined an entire generation of professional dress code for professors and grad students that grew up in the intellectual heyday of them.	episode_done:True
text:That's probably the single most recognizable quote of his outside diehard avant-garde fashion circles. It needs some contextualizing though. Like everything else, you have to consider where the speaker is coming from. Rick is addicted to working out. He's on steroids. His addiction is understandable because before he got into working out he was doing drugs and was, by his own admission, on a very unhealthy path. His wife got him into working out instead. But he's effectively swapped one addiction for another. Working out is generally one of the best things you can do for your health, but not when you're pushing 60 and regularly taking steroids. When it comes to that Rick quote, it's worth knowing that he's not speaking from a well-balanced position.  All that is to say, the general spirit of the quote is solid advice. But Rick Owens is probably not a good authority on moderation, which as with all activities, should be a part of your workout routine.	labels:I really appreciate you offering this perspective and context	episode_done:True
text:From my own experience, I'd say the best made "vintage" Andrew Marc leather jackets are better than a lot of "mall" brand leather jackets I've owned or tried like Kenneth Cole, Tommy Hilfiger, Reilly Olmes, Ralph Lauren Chaps. I have a Ralph Lauren POLO leather jacket (original MSRP $695) from 1999 made of a heavy leather that has held up wonderfully over the years and I'd say is better than the best Andrew Marc I've tried (but my experience is limited--there may be "gems" out there, like limited editions).	labels:90s Polo is kind of golden era polo, somewhat different to what we have 20 odd years later.      RL Polo iteration one happens in 67' , RRL comes in 93', and then Purple label is in 94', but over the years I think the gap in quality has really widened sadly.
text:cotton-linen blend shirts usually have just a bit of texture to them from the linen slubs that isn't too noticeable, I think those could work quite well. A full linen shirt with flannels does seem a little incongruous though.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:When I wear mine as a mid-layer I get compliments, so take that as you will	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The Style Blogger Index: finding people who are the same size as you	labels:I'm so happy to see this featured on here! I've connected to some really cool individuals through this tool (many of whom aren't my size which is totally fine IMO).	episode_done:True
text:I think so too. The mom-jeans on trend is often more 80s then 90s. And I've seen shoulder pads, and shoulder "wings" comming in.  I hope for a V silhouette. Possible updated for curvier ideal compared to the slim 80's aerobics girl.  I like it, but I realized my nice winter coats does NOT go with acid wash jeans.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:You can do it, we all believe in you.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Married dad-of-three wears skirts and heels to work ‘because he can’	labels:Sorry, not really, but I'm not buying his excuse. There has to be some sort of sexual satisfaction he gets from doing this. I don't think he's trying to prove a point or break "gender norms". There has to be a deeper meaning to this than what he is explaining.
text:Indigenous beadwork is so stunning!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are your coziest winter finds/essentials?	labels:SCARVES, SCARVES and more SCARVESSS  infinity, blanket, knit, fuzzy, ANY and ALL kinds! Perfect touch to any simple outfit and adds so much more warmth than you'd think!	episode_done:True
text:Have you ever gone out on a limb and bought clothing from an unknown brand advertised on Instagram/Facebook/online? How did it work out?	labels:I’ve had decent luck with my targeted ads. I almost use it to my advantage now. If I’m looking for something, I’ll spend 5-10 minutes searching Google and browsing sites - then wait a few days. My Instagram will pop up with lots of places that I wouldn’t have necessarily found off Google but I am their target market.   Then I stalk. Check out the product reviews on their website, do a product review. com check, go into the tagged photos on Instagram to see people who are wearing the product and their feedback. Search comments! Companies not worth shopping with will have complaints under Insta photos or fake responses to their customers. Worse is no response to questions.   You can also find discount codes from their influencers on the tagged photos page that they wouldn’t necessarily share on their main page.   I’m a very cautious buyer. I need to have a good return policy if I’m shopping online from a company. So yes, I have a good experience but I put in a lot of prep into preparing my parachute before I jump.	episode_done:True
text:I know it’s meme level to say that but they really did nail it, would love to have drinks with some of the costume department from that show  Edit: I know that the Sopranos and Mad Men had some of the same crew on it, is the Sopranos as well styled as Mad Men?	labels:It's Brooks Brothers. They probably had stuff from their archives ready to go.	episode_done:True
text:What’s on everyone’s Black Friday wishlists?	labels:Since I am not sure when we will open back up again, need to go back into the office, and ultimately what size I am going to be at the end of all this, most of my tabs been purses and shoes 😅  I have a bunch of shoes I am on the fence on.  It's been so nice just buying shoes and breaking them in while WFH. I did get spotted on a Zoom rocking sweatpants and heels when I had to get up and grab something which was a surprise for everyone since I don't wear usually heels to the office. Oops. lol.  Aside from the Coach Saddle Belt Bag (50% off!!), I don't think any of my wish purses will be on sale or as great of a deal so there some "saving" there lol.	episode_done:True
text:Are your glasses part of your style?	labels:Glasses are a permanent fixture for me. I try to go with something that fits my shape and then find a nice style. I've had the same tortishell pair for about 4+ years now (the longest I've owned the same style) and I love them! they're neutral so they go with pretty much everything. then again my wardrobe is pretty neutral, as well haha	episode_done:True
text:Help with 2020 post-COVID scrubs style	labels:As an ICU physician, I love figs bottoms. Come in petite and are comfy enough to withstand my 28 hour shifts. I like to pair with athletic shirts, vests, or 1/4 zips. Arcteryx is my favorite brand for 1/4 zips and vests. Pairing with boat shoes or rothys sneakers instead of athletic shoes help me to feel like a real person for shorter shifts and hair is usually French braided.
text:FAQ: Why/ when/ how do you cuff jeans?	labels:I cuff mine because I require a 27 inch inseam and I can't be bothered to take them up.	episode_done:True
text:Good insight. Agreed wholeheartedly simply based on their return policy and customer service.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Guys who lost a lot of weight, how did you change your style?	labels:Congratulations, man! I cannot express how much better I feel now that I’ve dropped weight; I’m sure you feel the same way.   I really just turned what was normal normal fit and maybe a half-size big to more of a tailored look and the actual, correct size.   I’ve also felt more confident which has led to slightly different looks. I’ve always been a little more of a conservative dresser but now I’m incorporating a few more styles into the wardrobe. Really nothing major but a few tweaks that I really love.   Side note: it is super frustrating that tailored clothes look off as soon as you lose weight. I had to completely rebuild my formal wardrobe.	episode_done:True
text:I agree	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Every time i stop to think about things like this i hate Reddit more and more. Yet here i am	labels:This subreddit and the sports subreddits are the only things keeping me here	episode_done:True
text:I love this! I feel like I went the exact way lol	labels:	episode_done:True
text:My styles always been a bit bland so I can’t say much but when I try new outfits or something out of the/my ordinary. I’ll ask friends first because they will criticise or compliment me, and tell me what to adjust or change, how I look etc. Unlike my family who has absolutely no filter and blurts the first thing that comes to mind.  I recommend you try it too, get comfortable with yourself first and wearing it, even just around the house, and then slowly expose your new style to everyone around you and wearing it in the different environments (?) like wearing jeans and heels to the pub or out shopping/running errands	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Anyone like wearing traditional clothing from you culture?	labels:I'm indigenous, I love wearing and incorporating beadwork, moccasins, or ribbon skirts into my attire. Makes me feel powerful
text:Does anyone else feel that nothing is unfashionable nowadays?	labels:The present always feels “neutral”. I think if you watch any reality show from the early 2010s, even as late as 2014-15, you’ll see a big difference from what was considered “no defining silhouette” then. things like just a tshirt change slightly in cut and shape over time.
text:Southern hemisphere ladies where do you get inspo from?	labels:Maybe visit some local charity shops and pick out what you like there? You'll catch the castoffs and fins dome nice stuff at a low price.	episode_done:True
text:When will I be "too old" to look cute, cool, hip, whatever?	labels:word of warning, i'm 25 and a friend recently dyed his hair blonde, and started dressing like a tik tok e-boy and posting edgy, posed photos. We're all super worried about him cause it looks like hes going through some stuff and is desperate for attention.  So word of warning is: maybe don' copy wholesale these looks that 18 year olds who post on the interent are doing and instead take some inspiration.  /r/malefashion has lots of soft boy, avante garde, e-boy, archive adjacent looks that are less specifically "18 year old," but convey similar ideas.
text:Good quality men's jeans?	labels:Just wanted to reply that I'm a raw denim guy, but a lot of people are going to throw out raw denim recommendations to you.  One thing to be wary of.  Raw denim is unforgiving, so in the slimmer cuts I have found them **MORE** likely to have crotch blowouts than other jeans.    I've never had issues with crotch blowouts in your standard levis/gap/j. crew brands.  My first 2 pairs of raw denim had crotch blowouts, because I wore slim fits, and the point of tension is in the crotch.  My 21.5 oz and 16 oz raws had holes forming within 6 months.  I've since bought a pair of Samurai's in a straight cut and they seem as if they will last forever, but they are NOT slim.
text:Inspo Albums: No-Nonsense Professional and Stately Fantasy Princess	labels:The fantasy line goes perfectly with faerie books. It’s just breathtaking. Thank you for sharing!	episode_done:True
text:Tailoring for the People	labels:Sweater from #6?	episode_done:True
text:Let's talk about sleepwear-- what are your favorite pjs?	labels:Anything modal.  Lunya for washable sill.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 18, 2020	labels:I really want to put together an album to offend lurkers now.
text:Inspo Album - Statement Sweaters	labels:The word needs more wool shawl cardigans	episode_done:True
text:What do YOU do with "chub rub" jeans?	labels:I used to wear black jeans daily for work for about 8 years. A lot of that time I was broke af and spending $35 every 6 months or so on jeans was a really big purchase. I’d usually only have 1-2 pairs of work jeans at a time and wore them every day for 8-12 hours. When they ripped in the thighs I would hand sew them together very very poorly lol. I don’t know why I never looked up a tutorial or anything but the sewing would usually buy me 3-4 days until I could buy new ones.   Now that I’m more financially stable and I don’t have to wear black jeans to work, my pants tend to last a lot longer. When they wear out in the thighs/crotch I just toss them now. I no longer have to save jeans just in case I can’t fix the next pair and it’s very freeing.	episode_done:True
text:Snow Peak Fall/Winter 2020	labels:This is exactly how I want to dress and live	episode_done:True
text:Casual Blazer Inspo	labels:First we had the casual blazer "bedford edition", next we get the casual blazer "avant-garde edition", now we just need the casual blazer "basic bastard edition" to complete the set.
text:Hadn’t heard the quote, but it’s something I naturally came to realize about myself and the people I was aspiring to dress like.  They often do more for the clothes than the clothes do for them. Confidence is just as crucial as fitness.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Revisiting Tim Gunn's List of 10 Style Must-haves	labels:To me, this is “wardrobe staples if you have a traditional office job with a business dress code” tbh. I do, so I own a version of most of these, but that kind of work environment is less and less common, and I think a lot of women no longer have much use for blazers, trench coats, dress pants, etc.
text:What are your go-to, everyday shoes?	labels:Adidas gazelle gray	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - February 17, 2021	labels:I am trying to move from my Skinny/slim fit style to a more relaxed style aka Tim Dessaint. Any tips on how to transition without throwing away an entire wardrobe? If you have changed your style how did you do it?
text:Clark's Wallabees	labels:Can't help but think of walter white.	episode_done:True
text:'Everybody will get their mittens': maker of Bernie Sanders' mittens forges business partnership	labels:Can we just have Bernie instead?	episode_done:True
text:Spring/Summer trends: Dresses	labels:Good bye cold shoulder, hello cold torso!
text:I think at its best, RL pulls from all the great American heritage brands:   * Prep outdoors brands like Ll Bean or Woolrich * American Trad like Brooks Bros * Western brands like Pendleton or Levi’s   And finds a way to blend them and tweak them in such correct but interesting ways.   Ralph is the ultimate Americana guy, he just gets the genre. Very Ralph is a great doc too.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Pulling the Past Forward, Asian-style	labels:I live in Singapore and I didn't know we had so many local designers! (probably cos they are well out of my budget XD)
text:Very good points, came here to mention pretty much all of these, emphasizing that it's CRUCIAL to buy things which flatter your body shape!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:See if you can get a casual/goth Friday going at your work.  Or just work from home and be yourself!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Annual Capes, Cowls, and Cloaks	labels:I am HERE FOR IT, BOYS!!	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 07, 2020	labels:Please help me find any sneakers similar to Veja V-10, with similar style	episode_done:True
text:Cigarettes for breakfast	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 30, 2020	labels:Please help!   I am looking for a navy or dark grey trench coat. I would like something comfortable with breathable material, but sturdy material. I would like it at kneee length or a little under the knee. Russian inspired trench coat or British style inspired. Budget is under 120$, location United States.
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Corduroy	labels:corduroy trousers are disgusting  pic 35 has the only ones that look decent	episode_done:True
text:OMG! The SLP style is my absolute favorite look of his!!!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:...I need loafers	labels:Loafers are great.	episode_done:True
text:If you want to be one of the cool kids.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:WDYWT ? (Why Did You Wear That?)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 02, 2020	labels:We listened to the hamilton soundtrack a bunch over the summer while on road trips so my top 5 artists from spotify wrapped are the Original Broadway Cast of Hamilton, Lin Manuel Miranda, Leslie Odom Jr, and then we have Tom Misch and a local artist named HAVS.
text:Is it just me, or does it seem like the clothes being sold since the pandemic began have become very limited?	labels:You can still find really great items at secondhand stores or on selling platforms like depop, that has been where I’ve been exclusively shopping for the past month !
text:How does a warm weather wardrobe differ from a cold weather wardrobe?	labels:Lots of good comments already so I'll just say plan for one additional layer in the summer when you work in a professional AC environment. I used to live in sleeveless shirts and dresses in the summer for commuting in my miserably hot car and the walk to and from the building, during lunch, after work.  Then I'd throw on a blazer or a cardigan once inside.	episode_done:True
text:I bought these very popular aritzia melina leather pants..an inspo album and fit pictures	labels:The fit from the knee down does not do the pants or you any favors :/ the way it sits on the top of your foot makes all the outfits feel dated instead of trendy. If you tailored them for a more fitted look, then it would be a great piece!
text:Never thought of getting the belts. Now wishing I did	labels:	episode_done:True
text:it could be anywhere from decent to terrible depending on style and fit.  Post photos for proper feedback.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are your tips for being stylish when your weight fluctuates like crazy?	labels:I’m not exactly sure the details of your weight fluctuation but if you always fluctuate between 4-14, depending on your salary you could have 2-3 different closets for a size range.  Example, Closet 1: sizes 4-6 closet 2: sizes 8-10 and closet 3: sizes 12-14 and have truly just the basics in each closet (t’s, button ups, jeans, a jacket so on...) and then have a few “statement” pieces in each closet you know will look good on your body and make you feel good in that particular size range.    Depending on how minimal you want to be you could have at the minimum, 8-10 pieces in each “closet” (black and white T shirt, two jeans, two button ups, a couple of sweaters and 1-2 statement pieces.  With all three closets maybe 30 items?).  You could have accessories (purses, scarves, jewelry and shoes) that would always fit with each closet as well, which you probably already have.  Hope this helps!	episode_done:True
text:Gorpcore: How Arc’teryx Parkas and Salomon Hiking Boots Became High Fashion	labels:Because flexing your wallet doesn't care about how practical it is. It's about the flex.	episode_done:True
text:Sorry you feel that way. When I wrote it, I tried to convey that I didn't put much thought into what I wore. Perhaps I could have said pajama bottoms with RRL cardigans. I don't have a perfect description for it, but I do think that the style Andrew is wearing there is a lot more coherent. I think there are ways to do that style thoughtfully, and not randomly. I didn't write this with the intention of making people feel unhappy with their current wardrobe. Just trying to give suggestions on how they may get enjoyment from clothes, even when confined to home.	labels:Is this actually Derek Guy
text:Irish wool makes a comeback	labels:I wonder how much of this is the cottagecore that’s been so popular lately.
text:The Vintage Menswear Market Is Booming	labels:I picked up a brown Schott 141 jacket circa mid-1970s on Grailed a few months back. It’s quite a bit older than me. It needed some love, so I took it to my local cobbler/leather worker. It’s now my favorite jacket. Just looks incredible and has so much character.
text:Yep I do this too. I'm only allowed to buy things that will make an outfit I like because I have a habit of buying one piece that I love but can't wear because it matches nothing I have.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:/u/JerichoKilo  Jeri knows how to blend good taste and fun in his fits. His clothes always seem very authentic to him and nothing ever comes across as unnatural or forced.   Plus he rocks orange overalls. Come on, man.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:WAYWT - October 23	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I love the look of this coat, it’s like a classy version of my current cheap ski jacket. I’m in the New York area too so warmth and sturdiness is definitely a concern of mine	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What do you think about having a signature style vs. a variety of looks?	labels:I’m too lazy to have a bunch of different looks and worry about coordinating, everything of mine is in the same color story and silhouette that flatters me, even my pajamas.	episode_done:True
text:Favorite unconventional workwear?	labels:At my old workplace for my old job description, showing up in anything but a hoodie, sneakers, and jeans was unconventional. The people a rung above would be wearing business casual but still a little uninspired. Here I would come in my bright colored dresses. layered with cardigans.	episode_done:True
text:My biggest problem with Telfar is that there isn’t a size between the small and medium bags. The size difference is massive. I’m not used to carrying around larger bags so the medium is way too big, but the small is so tiny I can only fit my iPhone, sanitizer and a credit card in it.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I’d have to agree with you. They are both functional and aesthetically pleasing.	labels:	episode_done:True
text: > Don't wear all white while skiing.  and wear a fucking helmet. The editorial pictures aren't worth it for a brain/spinal injury.	labels:Oh 1000% agreed, as I was looking through these photos I was like "WHERE are their f-ing helmets." You will NOT catch me skiing without a helmet	episode_done:True
text:The day naysayers post fits is the day the US gets free universal healthcare	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Call for Moderator Nominations & Applications	labels:Both myself and /u/halfthegoldtreasure would like to nominate /u/TheFlavorOfLife if he's willing.
text:Do you think fashion or style has age restrictions?	labels:I'm mid-30s and I still wear that stuff on weekends! There is definitely stuff I avoid, but honestly, reflecting on it right now, that might be more my personal style at play than my age. I avoid anything too tight or clubby, and I  tend to go for block heels or pumps over stilettos or platforms. There was a whole going-out-top-nice-jeans trend in the 2000s that makes me avoid anything satin- or lace-based. But I think that Vans/Converse or crop tops/high-waisted jeans are definitely still in play if you're 30. And if that changes soon, I'd guess it's because the trends change rather than what is appropriate age-wise!
text:What are you hoping to buy on Black Friday?	labels:if max mara has a sale maybe i’ll grab a camel coat, otherwise i’m keeping my eye on some royal albert tea ware
text:General Discussion - November 22, 2020	labels:For some non-RO news, my GF and I were planning to road trip to New Jersey for the week for Thanksgiving to see her family (driving from Chicago). After things started getting even crazier these last several weeks I think we both got pretty anxious about it. Finally cancelled the trip when we talked it through and thought objectively about the whole thing.   While we both think we made the right call, my GF has been pretty upset. And then we see people packed like sardines into those shitty closed tents to have dinner or drinks. Hard not to be bitter that my GF can't see her family for a year b/c people can't be bothered to get takeout on a Friday night.    /rant
text:Shitpost Saturday: Signature Scent	labels:Eau de T. Reg.: An undertone of iron from the blood of my enemies. A piquant whiff of brimstone. A fizz of pink Champagne builds with body heat. And over it all, the bracing green smell of primordial ferns trampled by a raging thunder lizard.	episode_done:True
text:Agreed, cycling shoes makes a huge difference!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:So I'm not the only one then. I'll have to try browsing WAYWT again later.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Do you think that designer brands will no longer be as sought after in the future?	labels:I will still seek after designer brands. Not everything is available vintage or secondhand. Sometimes I just want something as soon as I see it come out.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 04, 2021	labels:I'm getting new pants today  edit: they're great
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- November 02	labels:I turn 33 in a few months.  This is an unusual time in life for clothing.  On one hand, I've gotten too old to really follow trends closely, but on the other hand, I don't want to be one of those people who wears what was popular when he was 26 forever.  I'd feel goofy in a pair of wide-leg ankle-cut pants and a Carhartt jacket, but I also realize that black skinny jeans and plaid button-ups are past their prime.  So what's a man my age to do?  I've been working on finding a balance lately, but it's not as clear-cut as I'd hoped.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 03, 2021	labels:So I’ve been wanting new pairs of jeans as they have never been comfortable for me. I wear old navy straight fit 33/30 right now and they kinda cut into my stomach when I sit down.  I need to wear diapers some days which kinda messes with the fit some days making the jeans not go as high on the waist as I would like.A woman friend suggested high waisted jeans but I can’t think of a time I’ve seen a guy in those before.  Also a little worried about buying things without trying them on but that is what I will be doing because if Covid.  USA. Not wanting to spend more than 40-50 on a pair. Belks, AE, Walmart, and old navy are what’s nearby.	episode_done:True
text:Difficulty distinguishing between so 'idealized' style and personal style?	labels:Comfort is what will convince me to stick with something.  Dresses and comfy cardigans, flats, and ALL PANTS ARE STRETCHY - whether it's skinny or wide leg.  Also I have a lot of cute sweaters/sweatshirts because I lowkey go braless when wearing them.  Went crazy on walmart camis so I could wear them under button downs and also go braless.  Got a bunch of portofino/express button downs because the fabric is flexible, they are very wrinkle proof, and it's comfy.	episode_done:True
text:Spring/Summer trends: Dresses	labels:Good bye cold shoulder, hello cold torso!
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 21	labels:So for many reasons I decided I want to sell all my expensive clothes and only buy thrifted and maybe spend a bit more on jewelry or shoes once in a while. Is jewelry something that retain it’s value with time?
text:I know, it’s like every sub on Reddit has an anti white agenda	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Gap factory's lived-in slims. Gap moved them from their regular store to factory and I've been wearing them for nearly 8 years. They can be purchased for as low as 17 bucks. 21 bucks is regular discounted price.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 12, 2020	labels:"[visually] small muscles = unfit" and "what good is it being able to run for hours if you're slow and can't outrun anything" have really made me laugh today.
text:Piece by piece so you're confident you enjoy the look.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Gorp/Hikingcore	labels:As someone who loves backpacking, these inspo albums are my favorite - thanks for putting this together :)  W2C Seal??	episode_done:True
text:WAYWT - November 02	labels:	episode_done:True
text:you gonna say Nathan instead of the N-word?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What’s a fashion rule you defy (dressing for your shape, weird color combos, interesting silhouettes etc) that you just love?	labels:I wear navy with black, it's one of my favorite color combinations.
text:Recent Purchases - December 13, 2020	labels:I bought a Fitbit.  Time to cede my biological data to papa tech giant.	episode_done:True
text:FAQ: How do I know my clothes weren't made with slave labour?	labels:Pretty sure there isn’t	episode_done:True
text:Feminist clothing	labels:IMO supporting your local seamstress is way better than most organizations.  To me a big part of feminism is supporting local communities and the women in them. Buy used or from ethical companies (as advertised) and do alterations and even custom clothes from local vendors.
text:Overdressing - Discussion	labels:Since quarantine I’ve been WFH and not going out socially. So, the grocery store now gets my best looks and I really hope Kathy at the register enjoys my new booties as much as I enjoy wearing them for once!  In general, it’s better to be overdressed than underdressed. I don’t normally show off my fits at the grocery store, but desperate times call for desperate measures!
text:How do you know when something doesn't fit perfectly?	labels:You can get a suit jacket or blazer tailored. It’s so important to make sure the shoulders hit right where they’re supposed to, and that any buttons on the front can be properly buttoned. A suit jacket that doesn’t fit properly looks unprofessional. Sleeves can definitely be shortened if required.	episode_done:True
text:How many clothes do you have? (Really?)	labels:I think the size of your wardrobe is going to depend on your climate, job, hobbies, and general lifestyle. I have a lot more clothing than that. I also live in a place with four seasons. I have outdoorsy hobbies that require some tougher clothes. I can‘t wear my casual clothing to work (and I’m also holding onto some more professional clothing from a past job in case I return to that field). I don’t have a lot of disposable income either, so I always keep things like dress pants even though I never wear them in my everyday, because I can’t afford to go shopping when interviews and funerals come up.  For instance, I probably have at least 15 dresses alone, once you count all the strappy sundresses, nice work dresses, wool sweater dresses, the cocktail dresses, and the evening gown that’s in the back of my closet - and everything in between.  I swap out my clothing with the seasons and have one closet that I share with my husband, so I try to be judicious about what I keep, while giving myself grace that I don’t need to get rid of something just because I don’t wear it regularly.
text:Just added killing eve to my tv watch list...I've heard about it off and on but I really resonate with this comment 😂	labels:	episode_done:True
text:So many guys apologizing for being 5’10” wtf.  I mean I’m 6’3” and literally look down on most of you but come on.	labels:> ... literally look down on most of you but come on.  Yeah we know, OK?	episode_done:True
text:WAYWT - January 13, 2021	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 22, 2020	labels:So I've been lurking / participating here for about a month and I think I have a good feel for the types of posts that generally end up on this sub, common opinions etc.  I see this same pattern - posts that align pretty well with what's discussed in WAYWT/Discussion threads, like the Rick Owens post from today or the coats post from last week, getting thousands of votes and comments from people posting things like "he looks like he's shit his pants", and "nobody would wear this".  Why do people who spend their time lurking this sub, silently absorbing whatever opinions and discussion, decide to come out of the woodwork to post _this_ hot take? Really - you had to put some thought and energy into typing that out. If that's what you think, why are you here?  I just don't understand. At least the post-meta-discussion here is good for a few laughs.
text:What recipe are you using? I've got a sourdough pizza dough I love but it's a lot of effort and very stressful, and the dough is very delicate	labels:My wife actually makes the dough - she’s far better at it from me.  From memory - bloom 2-1/2 tsp yeast in a cup of lukewarm water for 15minutes. Add a cup of flour, a Tbsp of olive oil, and a Tbsp salt (maybe less?). Add up to two more cups of flour, a half cup at a time, until no more is easily absorbed. Knead briefly. Proof in an oiled bowl for about 1-1/2 hours. We proof in our oven with a large bowl of hot water. Turn out, cut into portions, and roll out.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 09, 2020	labels:Could someone tell me how "Martin Asbjorn" jackets fits?      I am a bigger guy and normally wear XL but have a L Polar jacket that I really like.   The jacket I am looking at is the "Martin Asbjørn IVY Silk/Wool Jacket" in L	episode_done:True
text:People who used to play super safe with fashion, how did you overcome your fear of bold choices?	labels:Here's the best advice I've ever heard in my life: No one is looking at you, thinking about you, critiquing you as much as you think they are.  Everyone is busy looking at, thinking about, critiquing themselves.  So wear what makes you happy! Try new things!   Edited for concision.
text:How to build a style with a limited outlet?	labels:The most important part of expanding my closet as a college student with limited resources was  changing my mindset from always wanting brand-new clothes to appreciating thrift shopping. It's just so much cheaper and most of the clothes are in perfect condition. In addition, the vast amount of different styles from even different decades makes it much more fun to shop at.  Jeans are my absolute favorites to thrift. The wear (and tear) makes them so much more unique!
text:One of the oldest and most-worn pieces in my closet is a men's flannel I thrifted almost a decade ago now. Not even a button has come loose and it still looks nearly new. The quality and warmth literally blows my mind. Best $5 I ever spent!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Women who have revamped your entire wardrobe — how did that go? What is your advice for the rest of us?	labels:If you aren't married to the idea of capsules:  Buy seasonally appropriate basics and rent fancier work clothing or special occasion garments from Rent the Runway (or another rental brand). It's a good way to take your time with building a wardrobe you like while trying out trends you may be curious about but hesitant to pull the trigger on. It's worth noting that your wardrobe is never really done. Things get worn out, fall out of favor, stop fitting your lifestyle, or you just stop liking them. I think if you have a solid foundation (jeans, slacks, a few blouses, sweaters, t-shirts, undergarments, a few pairs of black and brown shoes) you can find flexibility with styling beyond that without feeling that you have not enough clothing or a million things and nothing to wear.	episode_done:True
text:Oh please, no more puffy sleeves.   I lived through Gunne Sax once, don’t know if I can do it again.....	labels:	episode_done:True
text:WAYWT - January 06, 2021	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Caruso Fall/Winter 2020	labels:Is it me or are those clown shoes?	episode_done:True
text:What are you hate wearing?	labels:Just a mix of nonstop leggings and sweatpants. I miss dressing up but I'm so fucking lazy. On a good day, I shower and change into leggings, a bralette, a  teeshirt and sweater/sweatshirt. On a bad day I just stay in my pajamas all day.
text:For reals though...	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Not familiar with kohl’s as I am in Canada. What other brands would they be akin to ? Dress like that sounds amazing!	labels:Kohl’s is a low to mid tier department store. A bit like Target without the food/toilet paper stuff, and lower end than Macy’s. Fancier than Walmart. But it is like the unhip middle age mom suburban store - so you are supposed to be embarrassed to shop there. 🤣🤣🤣  Now in retrospect, I might have actually bought this dress when I was still in my 20s, barely! And now I am 42.   They have a wide mix of “exclusive” brands, and mass market ones like Levi’s, Nike, and Lee.   The ones I have the best luck with are the Elle brand (like Elle Magazine). And the Apartment 9 brand - which is like Target’s Merona and the Hudson stores INC.	episode_done:True
text:take a shit on me	labels:Studio Nicholson shirts feel plasticky to you because your skin is plastic Mr Lego Man.
text:iPhone 8 leaned against something flat on self timer. Edited on the default photos app	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Vintage Holidays	labels:Stunning stunning stunning. I loved every piece.	episode_done:True
text:How to look elegant without looking old?	labels:Oy this will be jerked if it isn't yet...  I looked at the first account and you can actually see a pattern in her outfit: athleisure, black and white pairing, combat boots, leather jacket and structured handbag. It's good that you're looking for inspo, now you go through it with an analytical mind and try to find the pattern. Then you try to reproduce.   Like others have said, I don't find the style quite elegant or expensive. But if you're into it, it's totally possible to recreate!	episode_done:True
text:Hand wash only clothes	labels:I think that this really depends on what type of washing machine you have access to. If you have a modern, front loading machine, with multiple wash settings, you can relatively easily machine wash many “hand wash only” items. I’ve had varying results with top loaders or old front loading washers-I find them more rough on clothes. Most items do ok on a delicates cycle with cold water for both stages. I often wash sweaters on the wool setting (cold water, low spin) or soak my sweaters with euclean and spin dry-er in the machine before laying flat to dry. Most of the damage to clothes happens in the dryer IMO. Also, brands often put dry clean only or hand wash only because they haven’t tested the fabric for machine wash and want plausible deniability-thus many things can survive with machine wash cold and air dry. But your results may naturally vary based on the piece of clothing. I personally only buy stuff that I feel is very special that is not machine wash air dry safe. Otherwise I feel like laundry ends up taking too much of my life, and it isn’t worth it to me.
text:Fall Fashion Inspo!	labels:I love mini-dresses or mini skirts paired with leggings and boots. And a chunky sweater. It’s my fall uniform!  Edit: and anything turtleneck	episode_done:True
text:H I V E M I N D	labels:Heh heh hivemind go bzzz	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Expressing Your True Self	labels:I'm thinking about going just completely naked, shaved head, no eyebrows or any hair anywhere on my body. Just a completely blank slate because I don't actuay have a self,  I'm just a vacuum of existential egolessness in a human flesh prison and I'm tired of pretending	episode_done:True
text:Can I say I have too many socks if none of them match?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Bigger Coats	labels:Damn these coats are real big	episode_done:True
text:How different is your actual heel length vs what it's advertised as and, how much does it change by shoe size for you?	labels:pointed this out to my husband once when he bragged about wearing 4” heels with no problem, so why couldn’t I? Yeah buddy, it‘s simple geometry, look at the extreme angle of my size 6 foot with my heels raised four inches above the floor, and then look at yours with your size 13 feet. It’s fascinating how many things shoe designers need to take into consideration!	episode_done:True
text:Namur metro represent!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 04, 2021	labels:Sidebar; I've been thinking about what I/we can do to bring some light-heartedness and fun into the sub. Would anyone else have interest in a Meme Monday or similar to have one fun post to poke fun at ourselves and joke around? mfa_irl is fun but low activity, and I actually want to engage lurkers (positively).
text:Went through this same exercise for the first time earlier this year. The results were so good, I went shopping for tailors and have almost my whole wardrobe altered now (weird build).	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Changing Your Habits: Deciding to Not Shop Brands for Ethical or Other Reasons & Following Through	labels:I’m not a saint - I am great about follow through when there’s also an detriment to me or when I feel “betrayed.” For example, if a brand is marketed as “high quality” and I pay premium (but not luxury/designer) prices and am disappointed by the quality, I am able to follow through on ditching the brand very well because of the financial detriment. Similarly, if a brand is “ethical” or particularly supportive of women and minorities and it turns out to abuse its employees, I feel more betrayed than say if I buy a pair of Nikes.  I do buy some fast fashion and non-ethical fashion but I like “knowing what I’m getting” so to speak. I think it’s the false pretenses and hypocrisy of well marketed but not actually ethical/wuality etc. brands that get to me and cause me to have a lasting bad taste.  To this day though, I buy a new pair of Nikes every year or so for my runs even knowing that they aren’t great ethically because the design, function and price are perfect for me. But I also feel like Nike doesn’t pretend or charge an overboard premium	episode_done:True
text:Underwear review: Soma vs. Parade after 6 months	labels:man all i want is nice cute underwear that i can just throw in the washer & the dryer. why is that so much to ask hahaha	episode_done:True
text:May the good blood guide your way	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I'm with you! My max height for comfortable day to day wear is 2 inch and I'm a 6/6.5	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Distinct Fashion Phases	labels:I’m Op but I’ll share mine -  At around 14 I had a quick phase of really liking the very early sort of e- kid bright and trendy fashion. Hot topic forever 21 sort of edgy stuff. Skinny jeans only. Small wardrobe. Didn’t look great and got bullied a little for my new look. Lowkey wanted to look like a gorillaz character. Still kinda do though lol.  Then there was a transitional trendy masculine street wear phase from when I was late 14 to late 15 . I only really wore ripped jeans, graphic tees , always a belt , with vans or converse that matched the shirt. I started getting of compliments on my style from peers.  I then had an art kid style phase late 15 - 16 years old . Very similar to before but I started adding different style jackets and pants. This was an important phase because I started adding different accessories like print socks and hair stuff.   Really quick 90’s inspired phase. I tried dressing like 90’s Britpop singers lol. A small step back I’d say.   Late 16 to current ( I’m seventeen ) changed my style over quarantaine . Asking questions here changed everything. I realized how much I loved my more dressy clothes and fell in love with the l’ecole des femmes clothes. I stopped following trends and went for mature more romantic and currently Victorian styles. Man repeller slightly masculine inspiration too. I wear skirts, tights , blazers, dresses, hats, neck scarves and blouses now. I also sold my years worth of converse and vans to buy oxfords and heeled dress shoes. Though my peers understand it a little less I have never been happier. Very confident in my style currently.    [Quick note - It may seem crazy to change my style so quickly but when your young you tend to go through clothes more quickly as you grow and teens tend to be more rough on clothes ]   Thank you for reading : )
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Pacific Northwest Style	labels:GO MARINERS	episode_done:True
text:Can you build a wardrobe off Amazon?	labels:A huge chunk of my wardrobe is built out from Amazon. I add everything to a list, and wait until Amazon's algorithms decide they need to sell it for $6. They also offer Tall sizes on quite a lot of items, which is great for having sleeves that fit.  Uniqlo for jeans, Amazon's Peak Velocity brand for Tshirts, and Goodthreads for everything else is what I would do if I had to start from Scratch.  If there's a certain type of item your looking for, feel free to ask for recommendations and I can send you a link to what I'd look at.
text:I love all the new leather clothes this fall, what have you bought?	labels:Of all times to have leather be the popular fabric, when I’ve gained the quarantine 19.
text:Shitpost Saturday: Body Types (no fruit answers allowed)	labels:Oh man, I've been waiting for this. I am a slightly-squished mini marshmallow; a little curved inward in the middle yet still short and sweet.	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: the Festival of Clothing	labels:I got a $10 pair of elastic but nice-feeling pinstriped black dress pants at Walmart for my last minute band recital when I was 12.  I wore them regularly and they stayed in perfect shape and still fit until I was 28.  I don’t know what the hell material they were made of but they were invincible, they didn’t even fade.	episode_done:True
text:What is your "White Whale" fashion product that apparently doesn't exist?	labels:Decent homewear. Especially robes that aren't bathrobes nor these dainty fragile satin/chiffon thingies. Something cozy enough to set up shop on your couch in, that won't break on the first scoot, actually keep your arms warm.   In loungewear there's apparently four types with no middle ground: For mothers-formerly-known-as-women,  for girls, for seduction purposes only, and Jeff Lebowski.
text:Thoughts on ski / apres ski style?	labels:Personally, I try to avoid the thinking of what I'm going to wear when I'm going somewhere, other than for functionality of course.  I feel like we expect our personalities and our lives to suddenly become glamorous and completely different once we get there, but that rarely happens in reality.  Same with vacation to a tropical paradise. Or a new job. Or a move unto the city. If I'm not a person that's likely to look glam, polished and picture perfect in everyday life, I won't have the energy to do so on vacation either. Plus, it's vacation, a time for me to feel relaxed and do fun stuff, not a time to focus on changing oneself to someone I'm not!  That's my thoughts! I feel like social media, selling and marketing is especially targeting in this way. When we see a product we want it, not just because it's appealing for the eye but also because we expect these things to change what we don't like about ourselves. Things we don't really want or have the energy to change ourselves, so we expect stuff to do it for us if we just buy them.
text:Difficulty distinguishing between so 'idealized' style and personal style?	labels:Right now, a lot of people's best intentions are devolving into "old lounge wear" because we haven't anywhere to go. Or when we have, it's running errands. Australia just got out of lockdown, I know Germany is going back in partially, the UK's going back in... and America is still a chaotic mess, but a lot of people are still working from home. So part of the answer may be "wait unti the world is different for you".
text:not tire changing fits that’s for sure	labels:	episode_done:True
text:New Year, New Balance	labels:Why isnt the best looking model pictured?  M1500 all day	episode_done:True
text:Teaching Men’s Fashion and Esntls - The Truth and honest review	labels:The quality used to be good but it's gotten pretty bad.  Also, the pants are a no go.  He basically made an off brand lululemon	episode_done:True
text:What is your 2021 style resolution?	labels:Focus on quality rather than quantity.
text:That's a good point!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Top of WAYWT - July 2020	labels:I was very confused by the summer outfits till I saw this was the WAYWT from July   Slapperoonis all around my friends
text:I bought a sewing machine for the same reason. I *do* know how to sew, but all I’ve done is alter two shirts and make 4 masks in the last 6 months. Definitely not the cool quarantine projects I thought I’d be making.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:DIY. I recolored my harness boots	labels:You succeeded admirably.  Nice work. Did you use a finisher after the dye?
text:No I did not. Do you think I should?	labels:Not sure, maybe. When I looked into doing this a few places recomennded a fixer at the end to prevent dye bleeding.	episode_done:True
text:Ugh, I did the same thing in my mid 20s. I had a closet full of classic, timeless, structured neutrals that so many books and blogs promised would carry me through my life...it was awful and I was miserable. After a few years, I gave up on the idea that I was that person and just went back to cat sweaters and bright colors.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:[Inspo Album] Inspired by a recent Red and Pink Comment: An Inspo album of unexpected, but totally wearable, color combos	labels:I love this so much, wearing color and mixing color has been a total game changer in my dressing the past few years. Thanks for spreading the good word about color!	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 13, 2021	labels:I (M) am looking for a leather jacket that will last me many years.   - Budget: $300 US, with about $50 in wiggle room if absolutely necessary. - Color: prefer black, but I'll flex if I love another option. - Fit: slim, but I'm willing to compromise if I genuinely love the jacket.  I'd like to be able to buy from a physical store, so something at a common US chain like Macy's or Men's Warehouse would be fantastic. I live near Dayton, OH, so access to boutique shops isn't stellar.  At this price range, I'm not buying something I wouldn't wear every day for the rest of my life, so being able to try it on is extremely important to me. I would love to go bespoke, but I can't justify that, especially given how much more that would cost.
text:Buy/Sell/Trade - December 2020	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Fashion Inspo Albums: Bold Feminine Professional, Feminine Dapper, and Flamboyant Androgynous Overlord	labels:Bold Feminine professional is my everything. Thank you for this amazing inspo!	episode_done:True
text:I disagree - I think men will pay more. They do not get as many! I know a lot of men who invest in things, whereas more women will get lots of cheap stuff.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:My 2020 Clothing Challenge	labels:Your anthropology dress looks STUNNING on you 😍	episode_done:True
text:What are some habits that keep clothes/shoes new vs that habits that ruin them?	labels:First for cardigans and sweaters is I either go fully wool or fully cotton. Can’t be any sort of blend, and I avoid mohair. I have a cotton cardigan from urban outfitters that’s like 5-6 years old and looks brand new, so you don’t even need to go super pricey, just look at fabric content.  Second is I wash everything on cold, and hang dry as often as possible. Heat basically transforms fabric, so using it is unnecessary. I also find that it sets pit stains instead of removes them.  Shoes I have no idea. I walk a lot and constantly wear out shoes. I find leather with a sewn in sole lasts a lot longer, but flats and heels never last that long. I’ve also had luck with shoes that have wooden soles which I’ve added a sole with traction to.  For bags, I’ve always heard it’s bad luck to keep them on the ground, but that’s more superstition than keeping it nice lol.
text:Sneakers trends FW 20/21	labels:In my opinion vans (both with laces and slip in) are always in style and easy to get unworn (or almost unworn) second hand at a good price. I like neutral colors but have been looking for a pair of silver ones! Obviously not unaffected by the metallic trend 😆	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Advice on Learning How to Hate Fashion	labels:From my personal experience, learning how to hate fashion is easy. You just need to realize that you're ugly and there's nothing any stupid clothes can do about that. Once you have this solid foundation nailed down, hating fashion (and anyone fashionable) comes naturally.
text:Creamsicle	labels:Have some new orange patent leather Jordans that I threw cream laces in the other day for a creamsicle look. I'm a fan.
text:I bought a Tory Burch bag on inpulse after my divorce. It was so liberating to know I didn't have to explain the purchase to anyone. Not as much of an investment piece as LV but I still use it to this day!	labels:The not having to explain it is the best part! Keep that attitude with you always. Seriously, it's the liberation that you deserve.	episode_done:True
text:wide fit has been back for the better part of 4-5 years though?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How to look elegant without looking old?	labels:What those instagrammers depict is that sort of standard put-together-basic-high-life luxury look. I wouldn't be surprised if they had selfies in private jets and resorts with like giant rose bouquets and the like etc. You can get this look by having all your shit together - hair, makeup, manicure perfect, toned body, nice tan. But it's very different from looking elegant.	episode_done:True
text:I've taken 566 outfit photos over 4 years (my style from mid-20s to 30)	labels:Oh my gosh what a gorgeous collection of outfits. I'm in my early 20s and I think I'm struggling with a lot of outfit issues you were having, will definitely take the advice to heart!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - February 13, 2021	labels:hit 100 rides on peloton so they sent me a free shirt  jokes on them though my gf and I share an account so I'm only at like 60 rides
text:Pros and cons of an a capsule wardrobe?	labels:Pros: always have something to wear  Cons: never have anything to wear
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 01, 2021	labels:This might be a dumb question, but is the "Basic Bastard" post dated or is it still a trustworthy guide?
text:Is it disgusting to not wear socks with shoes?	labels:She's a jerk, but also it's better for the shoes if you wear no-show socks.
text:All of these weirdos talking big shit about how they'd laugh at someone wearing $thing on the street but at the same time just want to be told what clothes to wear to "walk into a club and get some pussy" I fucking can't.  They want that "sweet spot" where a random internet collective can recommend to them exactly what to wear to their local dive bar to instantly "get pussy" when walking in, but it can't stand out "too much" but also can't be "too boring" otherwise the guy wearing a different button up shirt is going to get "all the pussy"  I'm gonna go jump off a cliff now.	labels:MFA, how much pussy (on a scale from some to A LOT) will I get if I walk into a club with Ryan Gosling's Drive jacket or Blade Runner coat?
text:What are some habits that keep clothes/shoes new vs that habits that ruin them?	labels:Admiring them in my closet and wondering when I'll get to wear them this year...really has mitigated me ruining any of them.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 12, 2020	labels:Any brands make single stitch tees anymore ? Looking for some that aren’t vintage	episode_done:True
text:[Inspiration] MFA wears rings (& other jewelry)	labels:Where do I get that hook belt? Thing looks slick as hell	episode_done:True
text:Sorry you feel that way. When I wrote it, I tried to convey that I didn't put much thought into what I wore. Perhaps I could have said pajama bottoms with RRL cardigans. I don't have a perfect description for it, but I do think that the style Andrew is wearing there is a lot more coherent. I think there are ways to do that style thoughtfully, and not randomly. I didn't write this with the intention of making people feel unhappy with their current wardrobe. Just trying to give suggestions on how they may get enjoyment from clothes, even when confined to home.	labels:Hi! I love most of your writing, particularly on the Die Workwear blog. I frequently find it very interesting
text:What’s your favorite winter fashion staple?	labels:I wear a cuddl duds bodysuit under almost every outfit. It really makes a difference and is sold at a reasonable price point.   I agree it’s hard to be fashionable up north! I don’t wanna expose my ankles!! Wide leg styles let too much cold air on my precious legs! Put a scarf on it!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 19, 2020	labels:The thing where we say "Loro Piana" if somebody doesn't provide a budget is neither helpful nor amusing.
text:I usually see it as people who don’t take risks clothing wise eventually sort into two categories- people that appreciate/compliment what they consider “out there” and those that ridicule it.   Second group usually comes from people who are jealous of risk takers but too afraid of being ridiculed themselves to do anything, so they resort to trying to tear people down to feel good about themselves.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I have, by any standard, a pretty healthy collection of footwear. But the only shell I've saved is a pair of black alden oxfords for dressy occasions. I just don't find shell even close to as comfortable or even as attractive as other options.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Sweats and Hoodies	labels:Overcoat + hoodie is 100% my jam and I hope it stays in style for at least a couple more years.      Also, can anyone ID the Nikes in 8?	episode_done:True
text:Congrats!! My favourite avantgarde couple	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Ermenegildo Zegna F/W 2021	labels:If you ever get the chance to see a store having a Zegna Su Misura/ Couture trunk show you shouldnt pass it up. Their pieces are absolutely stunning in person
text:Are LBD’s really a MUST?	labels:Nothing is a fashion must if you’re not going to wear it. I will say I’ve found the perfect black dress for me: it has long sleeves and a subtle shimmer, and I get a lot of use out of it.	episode_done:True
text:That's great! Thank you :)	labels:I always used polyester when I started out. It’s cheaper and it’s durable and it doesn’t fade or shrink. Wash your fabrics before cutting and sewing regardless tho!
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 19, 2020	labels:Hi y’all!  My 8 year old son has had issues with buttons and laces most his life. We recently found out (3 weeks ago) that he has autistic spectrum disorder and we’ve missed it because he also has a high IQ.  He’s hit a growth spurt recently and I’d like to move his wardrobe to more sensory friendly/ easier to dress himself clothes. He's going to have enough hardships in life, I figure that his clothes don't need to be one of them. It would also be pretty amazing if we could help him develop his own sense of style!  I think that there are pieces in streetwear that would be much easier for him to use than the jeans, flannel and laces boots that I wear. Seriously, this old millennial hipster basically looks like the token bearded bastard on every small batch beer label.  I’m looking for a starting place to find affordable pieces that I can help him start building a new wardrobe out of.  His needs: No buttons, no laces that need to be tied  His preferences: He doesn’t like material touching his calves with the exception of pjs, he dislikes wearing socks or shoes that go above his ankles  His likes: Space, nerd culture, kind messages, bright colors and fun graphics  Side note, my wife was recently diagnosed with cancer for the second time so our budget is really tight with her upcoming treatments.  If you made it this far in my post I appreciate your heroic effort! Thank you for any help you can provide.
text:I just got my first pair of keds since I was a little kid and I am so pumped! Keds are great.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Its really almost the same thing all the time   They tend to come from /r/conservative , /r/PCMasterRace , /r/guns , /r/Catholicism	labels:someone should make bingo cards - add sports subs (especially /r/NFL), video game subs (especially /r/DestinyTheGame), and Star Wars subs interestingly  oh - add basically any local subs	episode_done:True
text:Cold weather friendly skirts and dresses	labels:I second every comment suggesting tights!   I live in Montana and have put up with many frigid winters without having to sacrifice my love for long skirts and flower-child dresses. Warm tights, wool socks, and some water proof boots will get you through. I always kept flats and a makeup baggie for my socks in my desk for when I didnt want to be in boots all day.	episode_done:True
text:Viberg Natural Shell & Grey Kangaroo - A quick update & pictures.	labels:Holy shit, I was interested in these until I looked them up and saw the price! Good looking shoes, though.
text:I'll admit, I'm not gonna be mad, but I'm never gonna buy in. I dunno if they're the right terms, but the squared off corners are too brutalist and inelegant to me, and shoes with a formality level higher than a sneaker seem to need softness and elegance in my book.  That said, I think I've been less open-minded about shoes in general for a long time. I've got a laundry list of shoe/boots styles that I don't like but can't really articulate why.	labels:Footwear is probably where I’m most picky so I get the sentiment, it seems like it’s the easiest item of clothing to totally mess up. All that said the fact that only low end brands have been putting out(poorly designed) square toe shoes for the past couple decades now is probably a big reason why you have that perception, once you start seeing better designed versions of them it may change that opinion
text:General Discussion - December 25, 2020	labels:Finally untagged all of the designers i wear from my social media. Its slightly cathartic
text:How to find the confidence to wear clothes you like?	labels:Hitting up thrift stores to experiment with new looks is an easy entry point for a lot of people. I'm sorry your mom talked you into returning things you were excited about! That's a bummer.  I try to remind myself that realistically no one will remember what I wore. Or at least they won't spend time thinking about it. If I put together an outfit outside my comfort zone, I can take it off at the end of the day and it's like it never even happened. Same way makeup washes off, clothes come off in an instant too. The stakes aren't as high as they feel.  I used to feel boxed in by what I describe as "school picture day mentality," meaning I felt that every outfit had to be *just right*. It had to represent me perfectly as if that's how I would be preserved in other people's minds forever. But that's so goofy, idk why I thought that. Every day is a new opportunity and every outfit is temporary. I hope you can have fun and tap into your confidence!	episode_done:True
text:Good quality and functional messenger bags	labels:Master-Piece Co. Functional, sturdy, rugged looking, canvas, high quality.
text:TeeJay's Random Scent Reviews (M/30) (10/22/2020)	labels:I am sure r/fragrance will appreciate this a bit more.	episode_done:True
text:I think I dislike Kibbe because it is so popular in the red pill community. I think the first time I even heard about it in this sub I clicked on a couple of users profiles and they were posting in red pill communities so that confirmed whatever preconceived notions I had about it	labels:Hahahaha I think I know exactly what comment you're talking about. I've noticed that association too its quite odd.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 10, 2020	labels:I know ya'll can't tell the future, but do you think the jjjjbound x Eddie Bauer collab will sell out? I loooooove the beige jacket from it and am curious if I need to hop on the drop or if I can have a more casual approach.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 23	labels:Are there any wool flannel shirts? All I always see is cotton.
text:Dae get overwhelmed by fashion?	labels:I promise, the effortless look takes SO MUCH effort.  I hear you though. Sometimes I feel myself getting stuck and I go through periods where I suddenly hate everything in my closet. I don’t think I ever established an actual style for myself. My tastes are so eclectic! Sometimes I like preppier, menswear-type pieces. Other times I’m into the ultra-feminine, curvy femme fatale schtick, sometimes I’m more boho/folksy, other times I’m a bit vintage/classic, and then sometimes modern and edgy. I can’t decide which style is mine!
text:Thrift stores and  eBay are a gold mind for this stuff	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What’s going to be the next shoe of the year	labels:Whatever it is I hope it’s not square toes and yet another season of suede winter boots too delicate to wear in weather
text:You should look up their history. They are pro-business of all kind, but obviously larger companies probably take up a lot of time and resources. It's also not an official US agency like some think they are, just a lobbying group. They are typically anti-union and worker's rights.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:[Inspiration] Jewelry	labels:Nice album OP. I've been into jewelry for some time. I've always liked bracelets and such, but lately I've been into rings. Just wish I had the guts (and budget) to start wearing them. It's one of these things that I like seeing others wear but I feel that wouldn't be able to pull of.  I might start to wear bracelets again and go from there.
text:Shitpost Saturday: Ghost Outfit	labels:Well, shit. But on the bright side, I did as my mama taught me, and I was at least wearing clean underwear.	episode_done:True
text:Can you please elaborate more on your "just right" basics?  I have been attempting to minimize my wardrobe and find that balance between creative expression and pragmatism for probably the last decade.  I love fashion, but live an active and semi-nomadic lifestyle that really demands a simplified and wearable wardrobe. Five or more years ago, this meant structuring my wardrobe around black leggings and a black stretchy h&m t-shirt dress. It worked for me then, but nowadays it feels both outdated and for someone younger than me.  I'm really trying to nail down the basics to make my \[often thrifted\] statement pieces look more elevated.  The other thing is that wearing tight bottoms and a loose or flowy top used to be fashionable, and it was ridiculously easy to style, at least for my body type.  Nowadays the silhouette has flipped (volume on the bottom) and I'm a little lost as to how to work that into a pared-down wardrobe.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I think the chunk of the FCW Cons is the appeal in that they can be worn to balance a chunky, wider silhouette on top. If you wear them with a slim shirt and slim pants they’ll look like clown shoes, but if you relaxed the shirt and (more importantly) relaxed the pants then it’ll all come into proportion	labels:I figured that's the case. I guess it's finally time to cop more relaxed-fitting clothes, been wanting to buy more anyway. Thanks!	episode_done:True
text:Recent Purchases - February 17, 2021	labels:Had a Uniqlo lambswool v-neck through that I am very happy with (I know it won't last forever but the fit is so damn consistent) and got a pair of khaki chinos through today from Lands End. Not sure about the chinos as they are much roomier than I am used to but have a pair on the way from Brooks Brothers too so will wait to compare them.
text:That's awesome man!! So happy for you! I was away from my partner for the first 3 months and felt like I was going crazy, I can't imagine like 9 months.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What do you carry in your handbag?	labels:Back when I had a full time job, a large cross-body bag and inside a wallet (cash, Id, some cards) phone, headphones, charger,sunglasses, water bottle, chapstick, sunscreen, some pens, typically also a book for my commute to work.	episode_done:True
text:This is the right advice. I've been a ski racer for many years. Most of the best jackets like Arc'teryx, HH, etc will prioritize their shells with all the nice features like Recco, pit zips, pass pockets, goggle cleaners etc. Shells are excellent for cutting through wind and then you can have more or less layers depending on the temperature for insulation.   My current setup is an under armour (Costco has great ones from a brand called 32 degrees or something like that), a Hot Chilis quarter zip, a vest that I got as a gift from Marker, and a patagonia poly fill that I swap out for down if it's cold all under my shell. If I'm in a GS suit it's mostly just the under armour and then two coats because it's a bitch to carry layers around as you have to shed them to race.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Merry Christmas and happy holidays to the /r/MaleFashionAdvice community!	labels:Happy Holidays to Everyone!	episode_done:True
text:What unknown/smaller brands should we all know about that don't often get posted here?	labels:Lykke Wullf - Cali mixed with Scandinavian kind of vibe.   Ozma of California - laid back contemporary vibes.   Madly Vintage - curated vintage. So good.	episode_done:True
text:That's awesome! I stopped shopping at DSW for a while, but maybe I should start checking out their clearance section more often...	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 05, 2021	labels:When does the Uniqlo U SS collection typically release in the UK?	episode_done:True
text:Villanelle's Killer Wardrobe, Once Again	labels:Thanks for putting this together! I'm absolutely obsessed with her style.	episode_done:True
text:Standard Fair and the Minimalist Sneaker [2 Week Review]	labels:Thanks for the review! I've always been interested in Feit so it's cool to see another brand that is similar.   Have to agree with others that the pebbled olive is not an appealing colour. The black and the honey one on their website are not bad.
text:Damn, I got the last one down, but the first three are proving elusive.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:No, they make jackets for people who aren’t skinny weirdos. Hit the gym man	labels:	episode_done:True
text:how often do you wash your clothes?	labels:if it’s in contact with armpits or downstairs, after each wash. if not, every few wears based on smell/visible dirt	episode_done:True
text:What’s some of the best general advice you’d give to someone new to female fashion?	labels:Honestly, accept that you’re gonna walk out the door and realize that your outfit looks ridiculous sometimes.  And that’s ok, especially when youre experimenting with new looks. As long as you liked the look before you stepped out the door and you figure out what you dont like about, it’s good!	episode_done:True
text:Fall/winter shoe trends: what's your dream wishlist?	labels:I brought a ton of boots for the fall and I can't wait for the weather to get colder! I'm really, really pining for a sock bootie though. Hope they're still in trend	episode_done:True
text:This so much!  I love getting compliments, and it's easier to complement "fun" things. If I show up in a blue dress with little birds on it, It will get compliments.   A much more stylish blouse and pants with killer heels? It will look great, but no one compliment the perfect black pants.  At home with a dark office and shitty camera, I wear knitted joggers and cardigans with tight tops, like heattech. I'm really happy about trading most sweatpants for knitted versions, even though it's mostly synthetics. I find my legs are sensitive to wool.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Rick Owens Wearing Rick Owens	labels:I don't own a single piece of his clothing, and I probably never will, but one of the quotes attributed to him that really stuck with me when I first started browsing mfa was "No outfit is going to make you look or feel as good as having a fit body. Buy less clothing and go to the gym instead." He was right.
text:One Can Never Have Enough Socks - Happy Holidays MFA	labels:This now, a day after christmas i see what i should have put on my wishlist.	episode_done:True
text:Lessons from a Year of No New Clothes	labels:I did a no-buy year and a low-buy 6 months after that in 2018. I'm probably going to do the same this year.   I started as I needed to spend as little as possible as I had a pet who cost a lot for an ongoing chronic illness before he died.  I think I became more selective about what I bought. I also unsubscribed from a whole lot of sites. I also  became much better at money management and making outfits work in different ways. Also, by the end if I didn't wear it, it was worth thinking about what didn't like about it so I wasn't tempted by something inappropriate in the future.   The only reason it ended was I changed jobs and lost significant weight. But now my new wardrobe is complete, I don't need anything in the forseeable future. I'm probably going to just go through clothes seasonally  and  make a list if I need anything.  I did this before my no buy year and it worked well, but I had a lot more than I needed. It should work better now as I'm comfortable with the amount.	episode_done:True
text:What would ___ wear? What Non-Fashion brands evoke a style/aesthetic?	labels:Wait wait wait, Trader Joe's is obviously a bunch of line-drawn Victorians wearing Hawaiian shirts.	episode_done:True
text:Not sure why you’re being downvoted.  But yes exactly.  Avoid going through a middle man and working directly with the manufacturer is better.	labels:It is what it is, some people still have heavy brand loyalty even if they subscribe to this sub	episode_done:True
text:> I go through racks and touch everything and stop when I touch something that feels like a nice fabric - silk, cashmere, good wool, crisp cotton.  If anyone is curious, this is a trainable skill. Go to a thrift store. Just go down a rack and touch every garment in the rack. Make a guess in your mind about what fabric it is, and then check the actual material label. If you do this over and over again, your guesses will become more accurate until you can accurately predict what the material labels will say. It's a skill that can be systematically practiced.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What's wrong with stuff from the '70s?	labels:It's wrong because I don't like it. If you like it, go for it.	episode_done:True
text:Which one?! I’m on the hunt for a hoodie. 🙏 😃	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Villanelle's Killer Wardrobe, Once Again	labels:This show has amazing wardrobe! I’m proud to say the tiny brand I work for was featured in an episode in season 1, I almost died! Love the show, love her and the clothes! So goooooooood!	episode_done:True
text:>Style Apotheca  I love Style Apotheca! I think she is very cool but also very down to earth and authentic.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Tailoring as a lifestyle choice - Suiting in The Crown	labels:In the age of WFH, what if men just started really living in their tailoring? Hands thrust in pockets, lounging on a picnic blanket, feet up binging Netflix?  An interesting thought exists that as mens casual wear became more acceptable that suiting became more structured and stiff. Thoughts?
text:When I was at my heaviest weight I was actually *proud* that I didn’t wear proper jeans for 5 years, instead I wore jeggings and leggings under short skirts/dresses.   Ever since I started losing weight I got accustomed to wearing jeans again and now I’m at the point where I wear them around the house all the time because I feel more put together and in leggings/loungewear I always feel kinda naked and uncomfortable.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 14, 2021	labels:I was using the bathroom and Two guys were having a full on conversation. They went into the disabled stall together and continued the conversation while one of the guys took a shit. What the fuck.
text:It’s odd, I love their pieces individually and how people on here style them but their look books feel super bland to me.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 31	labels:What do y’all got planned for Halloween?
text:How do you guys find your style if you can’t try on clothes due to COVID?	labels:Little Old Lady here.  Comment on another post called my style "artsy androgynous".  No hand me downs (LOVED them when I was in a position to get!!), but graphic tees/denim shirts/flannels/hoodies/jeans/cargoes.  Never aimed for a style my whole life I don't think, but this is how I ended up, clean, warm/cool, comfortable.	episode_done:True
text:A Soft History of American Radicals, Revolutionaries, and Christians — Die, Workwear!	labels:How funny, I already own one of these! I guess it’s a “fisherman’s rib” one cause it fits the same forwards and backwards. Ahead of the curve, baby. Fuck yeah.
text:Same. Was hoping for lots of Princess Leia inspo.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 11, 2020	labels:Want to buy a suit for my boyfriend for an upcoming formal wedding (guest) and life in general.   Looking for recommendations for bespoke/custom tailoring services.   I know Nordstrom does tailoring. I found websites called Hockerty and Indochino but not sure if those are good quality/service??   Any other guidance/recommendations?   Looking to spend $800 or less. (Ideally $500 or less but I want him to look sharp!)
text:Shitpost Saturday: Fashion is dead. This is now a house plant subreddit.	labels:I grew 4 marijuana plants this year for the first time ever and harvested them in the last few weeks.  Last night, I wore leggings and a t-shirt as I made myself some knock off Krispy Kreme donuts and smoked a little J of my first harvest.  Incidentally, the leggings were  Along Fit High Waist with Pockets from Amazon and they are awesome. Good fit.  Stay up.  Comfy with just enough compression.  Totally opaque and a nice sheen on the material. Yesterday I had someone ask if I lost weight while wearing them and now Ill be ordering several more.	episode_done:True
text:How do you guys who like a formal/business look manage to not look the same all the time?	labels:If you don’t like to switch up colors or silhouettes, how about switching up textures? Silk turtlenecks, velvet dressy pants, boucle jackets, etc?
text:AE Elgin - Before & After recraft pics	labels:I love seeing the repairs and the story of an object.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 20, 2020	labels:another day, another realization I might just be an SLP boi in denial
text:I don't want to diminish her accomplishments at all but I think it's important to point out that she was the National *Youth* Poet Laureate, especially as the current National Poet Laureate is Joy Harjo.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Wardrobe Oxygen	labels:	episode_done:True
text:YEAH, ROCK AND ROLL MFERS WOOOOO! *closes tab playing Ariana Grande in the background*	labels:NOTHING IS MORE ROCK N ROLL THAN BLASTING BUBBLEGUM POP COMRADE
text:what do yall wear to the gym (or at home if you work out there)	labels:Cheap performance (technical fabrics)  undershirts with a vintage cotton tee (I have bins full of them) on top. Basketball shorts or joggers on bottom. I wear previous generation army pt shorts for jogging. And a beanie (too much hair). I've never been a gym rat but still exercise for 1-2 hours every other day.	episode_done:True
text:Have you ever gotten tons of compliments on something but are still on the fence?	labels:I’d agree that personal comfort is the big thing.    I’d also pay attention to the content of the compliment. “That’s a cool sweater” is NOT the same thing as “you look great in that sweater”, KWIM?   Sometimes people are appreciating the design or color or novelty of an item and not the big picture of how it works for you.
text:General Discussion - November 25, 2020	labels:$28 for shipping domestically if you don't spend $250, Rowing Blazers? Oof.  Edit: Apparently they don't have flat rate shipping. Just a rugby by itself was only $9 to ship. But when you tack on a terry cloth polo and the patchwork madras cap like I did, it jumps to $28. Since it would only cost $14 to get another $48 worth of stuff with that shipping charge, I tacked on another terry polo and a facemask. I seriously considered the patchwork tweed cap, but I can't think of when I'd wear it... obviously it's a F/W hat, but I lean heavy into watch caps because my ears get cold really easily.	episode_done:True
text:What Do You Wear With Strong Sentimental Value?	labels:I don't wear these everyday but:  1) Two Timex watches. I got them about 7 years ago. One rustic and casual, the other shiny and dressier. Been with me from when I was in school, moved up at work, and now back in school. Also got them around the time I started dating my girlfriend. I am always wearing one or the other.   2) Pair of Clarks x British Millerain boots that have been with me all across North America, from coast to coast. Eight years now.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- October 27	labels:Are jeans just not happening right now?  I've been mostly wearing black skinny jeans the last few years and I'm tired of them (pre-pandemic, anyway - I've been wearing mostly pajama pants since March).    I've been looking around trying to figure out what to do in the jeans category, and it seems like men in their late 20s/early 30s have mostly moved on past jeans and are generally wearing chinos, work pants, or other non-denim pants.
text:General Discussion - November 19, 2020	labels:I think Sufjan Stevens just came by my work
text:What have people actually worn to funerals you've been to?	labels:It depends on the crowd, but at the last 3 funerals I went to, I wore a simple black sheath dress, black hose, and black flats, with one piece of jewelry.   I did see people mostly in what I would call "Sunday Best" and this ranged from skirts + heels to nice pants and a simple knit top. However these were all funerals for people who lived in a super small town their whole lives and were farmers most of their lives, so YMMV!	episode_done:True
text:"Which Sports Jacket Office Are You?" – Permanent Style	labels:Simon seriously has bespoke Levi's?
text:Denim Jacket as a Layering Piece	labels:As a mid layer, it looks forced and unnatural to me. I am curious about others thoughts, does this look good to anyone?
text:WEEKLY DEALZ!	labels:surprisingly, Barbour jackets aren't excluded from Bloomingdales' 15% off email sign-up code (every other retailer that sells them excludes them). I got $60 off and a $75 gift card for signing up for the loyalty program.
text:Somebody else loosing so much time to choose the right item to buy when looking for something? I feel it cost me more in time when I try to buy responsibly.	labels:A while back I was watching a YouTube video that mentioned the best way to learn about something is to make all of your passive entertainment geared towards that thing.  It was specifically talking about designer fashion, but I think it's something that can be applied to any kind of fashion.  Personally, I'm more of a shop local/thrift sort of person, but if I were to go out of my way to find a specific product, it would take a lot less time on my part because I follow people with a similar outlook.  The Youtubers I watch are concerned about buying ethically/in an environmentally conscious way.  Most people I follow on Instagram are about my height/size.  When I'm watching TV I'll open up Depop and to my lists when something catches my eye.  About half the work is done for me, and when I need something, I spend a lot less time actively searching.  I started a wardrobe overhaul last year so I do get how sometimes it can feel like you'll never find exactly what you're looking for, but maybe finding some people doing the same can help.	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Grandma's Gift	labels:I'm just jealous all of you have Gma's after this Covid thing.	episode_done:True
text:Not *your* mittens. *Our* Mittens.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Honestly, it is so hard to find a good robe! I just ordered some robe style sweaters from Uniqlo to wear as legit robes around the house because I couldn’t find any robes that weren’t either super expensive, super frumpy or super cheap chiffon garbage. I figure I like the non robe versions so having the same knit in robe form will be great.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I'm proud of y'all for getting out there. I hope everyone stays safe and things move in the right direction.	labels:Yea and its pretty dangerous given that laws have been passed that give police impunity for killing	episode_done:True
text:Will my purchases arrive more quickly if I join this Church? If so I'm totally in lmao	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are your favorite, trusted clothing lines for buying wear-forever investment classics?	labels:For cashmere specifically, you should try Pringle of Scotland, Johnston of Elgin, and Agnona on resell sites. They are top tier cashmere brands but not " well known" like Brunello Cuccinelli or Loro Piana. Brora is also very good quality but their styles can be a little "JC Penny" or "Kohls” catalog. I don't know how you describe it, but yeah.  Otherwise, what immediately came to mind for me is Adam Lippes. It's insanely expensive, up there with your “fashion house designers” but unlike those, it's not super well known and not an "it-brand" so there's not a lot of fakes floating around. I thrift it off of Ebay, the RealReal, and occasionally discount sites and never worry about authenticating it the way I would for say, Chanel, Dior, Gucci, Prada etc. I'm no stranger to designer goods but their material and construction is absolutely amazing. Like the highest quality, weightiest fabric you can imagine. Honestly you could wear their shirts inside out because the hems are finished so perfectly, it'd be hard to tell.   Another one that I love that I NEVER hear of is Petar Petrov. What that brand does with silk is frankly incredible. The colors and cuts (especially their very flattering body skimming bias cuts) are stunning in person and nothing like any kind other designer I’ve ever seen. Again pricey pricey, but not popular/not high in demand so a diligent online shopper could thrift it more easily.  Sometimes even with truly luxury designer, I feel like the consumer is paying for the logo-bling, design and but necessarily quality. But these two luxury brands are IMO consistently both design and quality and no visible logos.
text:42 Fits: A Not-quite Capsule Wardrobe	labels:This is great.  I like your style a lot, it has a lot in common with my own, I'll definitely reference some this for outfit ideas in the future.  Thanks for posting!	episode_done:True
text:What materials are worth paying more for? What equals quality?	labels:I'm of the belief that 90% of the time vintage is better quality than anything produced after 1980s.	episode_done:True
text:Topman is now a part of ASOS	labels:Damnit	episode_done:True
text:Cotton Candy Femme Fatale: A Cassie (Promising Young Woman) inspo album	labels:First and foremost, this album is AMAZING!!! I fucking love the pieces, and you definitely channeled the essence Cassie so well with every outfit.   Truthfully I think there doesn't have to be a line between cute and sensible. I just make sure that I cater "cute" to my setting- like what's "cute" at the club, isn't going to be "cute" at work and vice versa. In terms of sensibility, fuck it. As long as your outfit is appropriate for your setting, and the heels aren't hurting your feet too much,  don’t worry about sensibility.   I typically like to interpret edginess into softer looks with significant color contrast, thoughtful accessories, and statement pieces. Like for instance, a soft colored dress with dark colored, edgy shoes and a bag to match the shoes. But statement pieces and accessories are the easiest way to give a cutesy, girly soft look some edge.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 28, 2020	labels:Do I need to figure out my Dimensions in order to have the best fitting items? I’ve never went to a trailer or anything but having trouble understanding how to buy online. I always have to try my clothes on and look in a mirror first. Advice?	episode_done:True
text:does anyone else struggle with this pattern? if so, how do you FIX?!	labels:I have to dress my mood. If I'm not, I end up hating that day's outfit.	episode_done:True
text:MY MAN	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Dressing Drakes on a Budget	labels:I love this reboot of /r/2budgets1look	episode_done:True
text:Best of Techwearclothing 2020	labels:Thanks for the album, not sure what I just clicked through, and I hope you had fun making it.	episode_done:True
text:Return of the Coats: MFA Coat Series #5	labels:It’s interesting how big of a pattern houndstooth is nowadays. I feel like I didn’t see much of it a few years ago	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 16, 2021	labels:Looking for a jeans to wear with Chelsea boots. Wanting a slim, not skinny, fit that aren’t baggy around the ankle. Levi’s 511 come close but most pairs I’ve tried are a tad too loose at the ankle. I like to cuff my jeans at the ankle as well. What jeans come to mind? Thanks!	episode_done:True
text:What's Up With G By Guess?	labels:G by Guess, as you know it, is dead. Gone. The name will still exist, but it is basically a Guess Factory store. GBG has been struggling to perform well financially for a long time. The G by Guess design team does not exist anymore. Before COVID happened, Guess laid off the entire team, and the few designers/employees that survived were transferred to the Factory team. If you still want some quality, I suggest spending your money at the regular Guess stores. Their quality is still quite good in a lot of their clothing (accessories is a whole different story) and there is a dedicated Design team that still produces new collections every season. My source: I am close with several friends that have worked/are still working at the headquarter offices in Downtown Los Angeles.
text:Hiking Aesthetic - Functionality vs. Fashion	labels:Honestly, most people that get serious about hiking learn pretty quickly that fashion is low on the priority list. You can colour coordinate your gear but it's not really going to be fashion.
text:[First Impressions] Carmina horsebit loafers in white leather	labels:I like almost everything except the good chains, they make the shoe look like something a princess would wear. It'd be better if either the leather or the chains were a different color to get a better combination	episode_done:True
text:What would you wear to elope during a pandemic?	labels:Honestly me and the hubby were talking about wearing the wedding clothes in beetlejuice when we elope in vegas	episode_done:True
text:How do you dress for the (extreme) weather where you're from?	labels:Chicago here- Kenny from South Park, except in purple.
text:Ummmm, I wouldn't be so sure about that nice list. I believe you've forgotten to accessorize ever day! Unbelievable 🙄  Obvi /s	labels:Right?! Does /u/justgoodenough not realize she doesn't truly look put together without those critical accessories to pull together her stay-at-home outfits?! 🙄 She's definitely NOT on the nice list!	episode_done:True
text:broke my sobriety for a beer last night as I had a hankering for something super bitter, got way intoxicated after just the one beer over an hour and change.  happy as hell because got absolutely no joy from it. Like the taste, but am over the Getting Drunk phase of things. I am officially an old man	labels:finding no joy in previous addiction is a sign of healing	episode_done:True
text:Snow Peak Fall/Winter 2020	labels:So what is it like living on Endor?	episode_done:True
text:What’s your everyday purse?	labels:If I don’t need to take all of the kid stuff with me, I use a Mulberry Bayswater wallet on a chain. I’ve had this bag for 4 years and it still looks new. My only complaint is that it doesn’t quite fit  sunglasses + phone + keys. It’ll fit 2 of 3 very nicely, but that third one doesn’t happen.  My larger bag is a either the Mulberry Alexa or Bayswater. My Alexa is 10 years old and seems to look nicer with wear. I did treat the leather so that I could take into it in rain, but I’m not particularly nice to it (things have spilled in it, and I’ve overstuffed it more times than I can count...). It’s a perfectly sized cross body bag (translation: fits tons of stuff and frees up your hands so you can do all the things!).  The Bayswater is my work bag. I can fit my laptop in this, along with my walled on a chain (so no changing bags!). It’s structured, so it looks polished and professional. I’ve had it for 3 years and it isn’t showing much wear yet.   My advice: get a small wallet on a chain type bag and a larger zip top leather tote. Not having to change bags and wallets was a game changer for me.	episode_done:True
text:Cyberpunks Not Dead - Inspo Album	labels:I'm starting to really dig streetwear with transparent stuff. I'd kill for a good sheer hoodie that I can paint a design on I have in mind but no luck in my searches.
text:ModCloth Returns to “Independent” Ownership	labels:1. I'm ambivalent. Tbh, I've been ambivalent about the ownership both pre and post WalMart. I have a lot of friends and family in the Pittsburgh area, which was one of the places where ModCloth is based, and there was a big trend of hiring young grads then mass layoffs. I don't love that in a company.  2. I love the old Modcloth aesthetic. I feel like in the past couple years its lost its vision of what it is or who its customer is. I'm having flashbacks to the awkward 80s officewear that was in all the ads a season or two ago. \*shudders\* But my older Modcloth clothes were all decent quality, with pockets in dresses, and the fit and flare dress aesthetic is very flattering on my body type. I still have quite a few ModCloth pieces, even after changing sizes since my ModCloth heyday, and they are still some of my favorite items that I own. 3. I hope so. But to survive, they're going to have to take a hard look at who their target customer is, and build a vision for themselves as a brand that fits that. And they should be better to their employees, because if you want to build a quirky and fun brand, you want to have all the institutional knowledge you can get to help your business grow. 4. ModCloth in its early days was so good at appealing to quirky but classy customers. People who wanted clothes that were good quality, had a unique aesthetic, had pockets, and were size-inclusive. I think that if ModCloth could embrace the "quirky but high quality" niche that it would grow and retain loyal customers. Brands lose customers when they hit that point where the quality goes downhill but the prices stay the same. And it would be even better if there would also be a focus on ethical and sustainable clothing that still fits the ModCloth vibe, kind of like Madewell but make it vintage.	episode_done:True
text:Same reason why I'm bored with Raf.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Fuck off.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Marilyn Monroe: Casual Style and Dressing for Men	labels:I think most women today share her philosophy, it just isn’t PC to phrase it as she did anymore.	episode_done:True
text:I know exactly you how feel. If I have that much money for fashion I immediately think I could buy shoes or a coat and get more use out of it. But I know I'd love the jewelry so at some point I should just suck it up and buy it.  Those eyeball rings are really cool.	labels:Haha it’s not like I wouldn’t get much use out of it either! Coats and boots/shoes are seasonal and I wear my jewelry every day, not sure why I’m so weird about it!  They’re so freaky deaky, I love it. Maybe my goal for this year will be to buy one :)	episode_done:True
text:This comment inspired me to set a goal for myself and once I hit it, I will buy myself a really nice winter coat.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I'd be down for square toed boots but I don't think I could wear square toe dress shoes with a suit. it's prolly because I've never seen a high quality square toe dress shoe but I can't wrap my head around wearing that with a suit even if it's looser/more relaxed fit	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Does anyone else not factor in pants when creating outfits? How to move away from this?	labels:YES. I've never paid enough attention to pants in my wardrobe until about two years ago. I mean, years ago when the mom jean/boyfriend jean became I thing, I did hop on the train; but mom jeans and skinny jeans were really the only thing I had, never really paid attention to pants that much. UNTIL TWO YEARS AGO. PANTS CAN SAVE YOU FROM YOUR BORING PANT-LESS LIFESTYLE AND ELEVATE YOUR SOCIAL STATUS.  Well, this was the case for me, at least.  I started with ambitious rips. Then I got more into the loose/baggy jean look. Then I got into joggers, straight-leg, wide-leg, balloon pants, cargo, sweats, patterned pants etc. Now I have a wide assortment of pants that fit every vibe, every minuscule emotion, every single hormone that possesses me that day. Now I'm just a huge pants fan. People are always complimenting me on my pants. Everyone by default pays more attention to what is worn on top when planning an outfit, but when the BOTTOM is factored in -- WOW you really know what you're doing.  There is nothing wrong with skinny jeans -- they're versatile in nature and really can go with everything. But it can get boring quickly. A strong, multi-dimensional pants game can elevate your look and wardrobe. I really do recommend looking at the pants on Aritzia, for example, Or Hailey Bieber's/Kendall Jenner's outfits. I tend to rely on Pinterest a lot for ideas and inspo.  PS. Many times have I failed in my pants journey (bought pieces that were actually quite ugly/didn't work/unflattering/one-time wear kind of thing). BUT BEAUTIFUL PANTS IS A JOURNEY AND A PROCESS. I'd start simple (like a wide-leg or mom jean or patterned loose pant) to ease yourself into a different pant-style. And once you feel more wild and comfortable, explore more.	episode_done:True
text:I own a small store. We’ve tried US made, organic, whatever... ultimately most people won’t pay the 3x premium for the same product, and that’s before the pandemic.	labels:That's cause people like to talk about how anti low-class work and anti-fast fashion they're but don't practice it in the slightest.
text:I think this is my answer too. I always justify adding them on to an order just because.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Their customer service team may not be aware that the package was just received and that you have metadata proof. I'd reiterate the package arrival time (with screenshot) and metadata.	labels:IMO if a customer service is blaming you as a customer and hopes you don't have proof to back up your claim, that's going straight to credit card charge back.   If they complain after, though for them, don't try to abuse your customers like a shitty company.	episode_done:True
text:I totally agree.  I work a fashion company and last week, our website sold 12 units of our new $600 sequin blazer that just dropped. I was really surprised!  But a lot of our more “out there” pieces are selling way better than we had anticipated when we placed these buys back in April.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I've started mapping out my clothing and a lot of my things go together and everything I own is either floral or polka-dot, I've tried sticking with a colour scheme but I love too many of them. In the last 4 years I've gone through navy-black-maroon, grey-blue-black, orange-yellow-black, dark green-navy-black- brown,and the past year I've been a solid black-white-hot pink.  So I've ended up with a crazy mix.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:WAYWT - January 01, 2021	labels:DSTLD Carbon jeans in slim-skinny  Random black crew socks  Next Level $6 Black Crew tee  Timex Weekend watch  Black Allbirds Wool Runners  Black random brand merino wool crew sweater	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - February 14, 2021	labels:What are people without SO's doing for self-love today? I'm still working my plans out but I'd be interested to hear what everyone else is up to
text:What does business casual mean to you?	labels:To me it always meant slacks or skirts with a nice top. Power suits, blazers and ties not required.	episode_done:True
text:What did people *actually* wear in 2000's?	labels:From 2001-2005, clothing I wore as a high schooler/college kid: low rise bootcut jeans, fitted graphic tshirts, fitted polo shirts, fitted shirts in general (shirts were so tight- maybe that’s why we layered??), always layering shirts- and shirts were super long and over your hips, but tight- never tucking them in, cutoff denim skirts, cotton shorts (like soffees) with words on the butt, necklace with my first initial on it, platform flip flops, dresses with Hawaiian prints (like flowers or surfers etc), hoop earrings, fitted hoodies. That’s what I can remember.
text:You might be missing out.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Coveteur: An Ode to the Striped Shirt	labels:I always have a Breton tee in my wardrobe, usually navy blue with white stripes and a boat neck. Classic!!	episode_done:True
text:BoF: J. Crew's New CEO has a Survival Plan: Edit out the Ugly	labels:i just feel like their price points are so high and the quality can be kind of mediocre. they’re stuck in a weird place where their pricing is too expensive for the average consumer who’s trained to expect bargains and too cheap for someone who buys luxury or higher end pieces.   even with their random extra 50% off sales, it’s still above what people expect to pay. but then again, madewell is thriving. (though i think that has more to do with being able to capture an on-trend aesthetic.)
text:Gorpcore: How Arc’teryx Parkas and Salomon Hiking Boots Became High Fashion	labels:My sister is super-guilty of Gorpcore. Primo outdoor gear. HATES the outdoors. It's mainly for dog walking.	episode_done:True
text:How do you guys work towards avoiding fast fashion?	labels:I think it’s unavoidable, so yep like another commenter said, just choose wisely, and I would also add don’t ‘give in’ to any whims and infatuations. I put something in my online shopping cart (or even hold it and walk around the actual shop), and a few moments later I realise I don’t need it and close the tab/put it back.  For me the biggest thing is knowing my style. I know what things I look best (yes ‘best’, not just ‘good’) in, so I have these items in my closet and I am not likely to randomly get more clothes whenever I feel like it. And knowing your style, you’ll also know you’ll wear the items you buy a lot, so you’ll not feel bad about spending more money and ‘investing’ in pieces. :)	episode_done:True
text:MFA Theme WAYWT: Corduroy	labels:Mhm, this all pleases me greatly.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 25, 2020	labels:Happy Holidays to the folks that casually browse the Q&A thread solely to answer questions :)
text:Funny question	labels:I'd be that casual dress that's as easy to wear as pajamas but makes you look put together when you throw it on	episode_done:True
text:Quilted Pants	labels:Duvet come in other colors?	episode_done:True
text:- sent from my iPhone	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Oh fuck do I need to edit the album?  What's the fit I'm looking for, wanna help me find it?	labels:anything, cit is a giant orange	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 21	labels:Fewer than 13 comments required before the new CDB was declared heretical.  Super proud of MFA today.
text:As somebody who reverse engineers clothes all the time, if you can think of something you found appealing from a media wardrobe then you can probably find a reverse engineered example. If not exact copies then pretty close. Clothing is all basically built from the same blocks, and if there's a suitably dedicated fan base then somebody has likely made it. Cosplay in general is the biggest example of this to me, but there's a lot of famous sweaters out there. Mr. Rogers, Coraline, Flanders, Waldo, Ferris Bueller....	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are the Recurring Motifs, Symbols, or Images in your Style?	labels:I have so much houndstooth and skulls. So much. But I love them!	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 23, 2020	labels:just found out I am being gifted two Eames plywood chairs since a relative of ours is redoing his Brooklyn apartment and doesn't want them, they're gonna look great next to my shit Ikea furniture :)
text:Why isn't that a "paraparalegal" position?	labels:That is an excellent question	episode_done:True
text:I could write a constitution for MFA, but if I did, I gotta tell you, ambassadorships would be ad-hoc appointments without a lot of formal rules.	labels:Have you seen this muthafux fits? Sounds right up his alley.
text:I actually thought that for a split second. Then I realized how dumb that was. I can barely use my sewing machine	labels:Like knitting, if you want to spend 200hrs, you can hand stitch the entire thing slowly and carefully.
text:My deepest condolences	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Casual Blazer Inspo	labels:This was not was I was expecting at all. Some of these "fits" just look absurd
text:How do I feel sexy at home in winter?	labels:Be a warm potato wearing thigh-high socks. Bam!	episode_done:True
text:Balenciaga FALL/WINTER 2021 (Afterworld: The Age of Tommorow)	labels:okay idk if it’s just me but the distressed denim over sweatpants combo pants do be fire asf	episode_done:True
text:What true heirloom pieces do you own and how do you incorporate them into your style?	labels:My heirlooms came from my grandmother, who was 5'2" in heels. I am built the same way, but have more inches than she did... so alas, that gorgeous Burberry trench coat simply cannot be made to fit.   However, Gram was a collector of cashmere and one of those people who believed that if you like a thing, you should have one in every color, and two in the colors you like best, against it wearing out. I have a handful of her sweaters, some of which are from the early 70's. These sweaters were everyday wear for her, and it does show, but they are SO soft and SO luscious that I wear them around the house on a regular basis. My cats don't care that they're two inches too short and have holes at the hem.   I did inherit some of her jewelry, including her engagement ring, which was put in a setting that my grandfather designed. Sadly, resizing the setting to fit me would have destroyed it, so I have that put away until I find a jeweler I trust to make it into a necklace with a new stone. I have an AMAZING opal bracelet of hers, also my grandfather's design, a silver wire cuff with the opals set in as the body of a spider. Gram never told my grandfather that the thought of a spider on her wrist freaked her out- she rarely wore it. I never met my grandfather to tell him how cool I think that piece is. Looks amazing peeking out from under the lace sleeves of my favorite LBD.
text:TheRealReal x Gucci	labels:It's the laziest form of greenwashing.	episode_done:True
text:Tailoring for the People	labels:Nice stuff! All great people/brands you've featured.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 16, 2020	labels:Every time I purchase dress shoes, they have lacing that is quite odd, and I am trying to figure out why they are that way. The lace comes out of the top right eyelet, but the other side does not come out of the top left eyelet (across from it) which is needed for tying the shoe. Instead, the second lace comes out of the bottom eyelet on the left side, meaning the a lace exits from top R and bottom L. This has happened with multiple pairs of shoes now, and I am wondering why the stores sell the shoes like this. Any ideas? Do I just re-lace? Is there a reason for this?
text:Winter staples?	labels:Thick, fleece lined tights and leggings. Down jackets that go past the butt, and have lined pockets I can stick my hands in. My 3 knit hats that I can pull over my ears, and two of them fit under a hood. I don't venture into the cold without these!
text:General Discussion - December 26, 2020	labels:Does anyone else here ever think about
text:MFA Theme WAYWT Challenge: Food Inspired - Reminder	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What are your most loved ride-or-die winter clothing items?	labels:Uniqlo heattech turtlenecks!	episode_done:True
text:In the UK definitely. At least a few years ago you couldn’t go into certain pubs at weekends when wearing CP company or stone island.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:People who made out like a bandit during COVID-19 sales, what gems have you picked up?	labels:I don't have a link to share but I have been online thrifting a lot lately and I just got a pair of discontinued vintage looking reebok sneakers brand new with tags and labels on thredup. I paid $39 including shipping and taxes and when they arrived I saw the price tag showed they were originally sold for $130 so I was really happy with the deal and to get brand new shoes in an eco-friendly way!!	episode_done:True
text:What are the most recommended items of this subreddit?	labels:Common Projects Achilles	episode_done:True
text:How to shop ThredUp and avoid the junk?	labels:Midrange purses sell so well on ThreadUp. I got good money for my Coach and Kate Spade bags.	episode_done:True
text:Yo man I know I already offered on the other thread but my inbox is open for real.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:There are superfluous spaces before and after the dots that cause the links to break.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Hot Southern Gothic Summer / Inspo album / Because we needed another for 2021!	labels:My lizard brain loves this!	episode_done:True
text:What are your favorite, trusted clothing lines for buying wear-forever investment classics?	labels:Boots - Blundstones. Can’t beat them for comfort and longevity. I’ve had all sorts of high end shoe brands from Alexander Wang to Rag and Bone and Acne but nothing comes close to a pair of blunnies imho.	episode_done:True
text:Thanksgiving Outfits	labels:Normally dark jeans and a fall colored (typically dark green/burgundy) top with gold jewelry. The extended family we celebrate with most recently is a bit more dressy, but I’ve found that a good bridge between my typical casual style and their formality.   This year, it’s probably going to be burgundy joggers and a jean jacket....since we’re just celebrating by ourselves 🤷🏼‍♀️	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- November 04	labels:anyone have any advice on how to style flannels better, i got two outfits i put them with and layer but i’m trying to think of other ways to style them	episode_done:True
text:Your favorite ___ for $___: Sweatpants	labels:I only wear Reigning Champ sweatpants. Slim, comfy, amazing fabric, and retains shape.	episode_done:True
text:NYT: The Very Right-Now Allure of Going to Extremes – Reviews of Rick Owens, Loewe, and Dries' SS21 Presentations	labels:I love this! Especially this quote from Dries van Noten  >“I think we need beauty, but not beauty that is nostalgic, that says the past was a better place. Beauty that gives you energy.”   That speaks pretty directly to how I’m trying to navigate fashion right now. I’m not exactly going out anywhere, but I try to wear clothes that make me really happy to be awake and doing things. And I’ve been consuming a lot of fashion media, history, shows, etc because some clothes—including a lot of these!—are so engaging even just over the screen.
text:Brands that are actually great that you discovered on Instagram?	labels:Ruggable!  Amazing customer service and cool product.  Edit: (I was fast scrolling and didn’t realize this was in Female fashion advice.  I’m not advising you wear a rug.  I’m such a dork!)
text:Women who have moved for extended periods of time on 1 or 2 suitcases only, how did you do it? Here's the beginning of my process	labels:If you are moving to one place/country for 1-2 years, I recommend packing only what you really love and wear a lot right now. In 1-2 years you will buy new clothes in your new country pretty much no matter what.    Test pack and use vacuum bags to get extra room. Leave behind anything bulky and if you really miss it, arrange for someone to ship it to you. Do all the other usual travel tips like wear your bulkiest stuff on the plane.    Last: just pay the extra luggage expense. Not sure your situation, but if you can't leave something behind and you'll miss it, just pay whatever extra you need to if it won't break your bank.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 02	labels:i feel like my interest in fashion has been cyclical throughout my life, where i'll care about clothes for months, if not years, and then have to drop it for a while  anyway life is pretty tough atm so i think i'm dropping fashion / reddit for a bit. see you guys on the other side!
text:Fashion Inspo Albums: Bold Feminine Professional, Feminine Dapper, and Flamboyant Androgynous Overlord	labels:I love the bold feminine  professional looks. It just goes to show you can wear bold patterns or a mix of colors and still be clean cut and professional.   The patterns in the flamboyant androgynous overlord are so beautiful and give me old royalty vibes	episode_done:True
text:Women with ADHD & Sensory Processing Disorder: I need Clothing recs!	labels:Whoa... I am an adult woman with ADHD and I never thought about this somehow. I have MAJOR issues with restrictive clothing. Winter coats feel like a straitjacket, turtlenecks \*literally\* made me vomit when I was younger, and anything that's even slightly itchy or makes a weird noise (like a swishy windbreaker) drives me insane. I can't wear bracelets or watches because the sound of them clicking on my desk grates against my soul.  I usually live in American Eagle jeggings (soft joggers as soon as I get home), comfortable shirts, soft and loose sweaters/cardigans, comfortable ankle boots/Converse, and sometimes a well-fitting skirt with tights.  Interestingly, I have no issue with wearing tights, which I know a lot of women find uncomfortable. I don't mind wearing a bra, either.
text:yes!! bonus points if it's your favorite color—i bought a lavender (!!) aritzia stedman coat from ebay for $50 2 weeks ago and i've been wearing it every single day	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I've found reformation's quality to be horrible - especially for their price tag. They're a hard pass for me.  Unlined dresses, finicky materials, ruined after washing, etc.	labels:Reformation quality is the absolute worst. I stopped shopping there after a t shirt fell apart after one wash and they refused to refund it. They have very shady sale practices as well.  Beware their sales, it’s all clothing of very poor quality saved for sale, most of it was never on sale for reg price in the first place. And it’s all final sale.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - November 09, 2020	labels:MFA lurkers x Supreme worst collab of 2020  Also anyone ever juice cleansed? SO does is fairly often  and I’m joining in the next few days. 1 bottle down, 17 to go
text:He does link to another post where he details the logic behind his warm/cold colour theory if that helps you to make sense of it. I think it's just a matter of semantics that seems to be your issue with it? As long as the main point gets across I think it's fine for people to have different wordings	labels:I tried reading that and didn't understand his point at all.  It's a matter of semantics about the title and core theme of the article. If you can't explain what he means by "cold" then I don't know what the article is about. If he means "neutral" the article is *much more confusing*.	episode_done:True
text:What are your favorite sites to read and learn about fashion?	labels:I like Hautelemode for in depth fashion commentary and learning fashion history. He does a blend of commenting runway shows and collections, critiquing celebrity style, doing longer videos on the history of designers and fashion houses, and commenting on social media trends	episode_done:True
text:Skirts in general are more forgiving - buy them for the large end of your weight spectrum and they just get a little looser and longer if you lose weight.	labels:If the skirts have belt loops she could also wear a belt on days she’s a lower size.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 10, 2021	labels:What constitutes Black (African American) Men’s fashion and how does that differentiate between other ethnicities fashion?	episode_done:True
text:What are your go-to basic fall tops? I’m talking long sleeve tees, sweatshirts, turtlenecks etc!	labels:Uniqlo heattech under shirts! They allow me to actually wear my lighter flannels and other "spring" items like trench coats without freezing. My style tends towards more "tailored" than "cozy" so these are super helpful, but they go great under sweatshirts as well!  Nowadays with the pandemic, I have ended up wearing lounge wear way more often than I normally would have and it's surprised me how different they can feel with longer-term wear! In the past I just kind of thought that a sweatshirt is a sweatshirt, they're so baggy anyway so what does it matter. But now I have a very clear preference. My favourite sweatshirts are definitely Roots, they retain that "coziness" for much longer than my other ones. My Forever 21 ones turned stiff pretty quickly, which wasn't surprising. My H&M ones also turned stiff and kept getting skinnier and skinnier, and I swear it wasn't me gaining weight lol. My Nike ones also got skinnier, but it didn't turn stiff or lose colour, and the zipper kept its shape well.   My favourite tee shirts are actually my old American Apparel ones, they somehow managed to get more cozy with every wash without going ratty, although the screen-print is fading. Although I'm aware that the management of AA (or Los Angeles Apparel now) have justifiably raised questions around ethics and bigotry, so it's up to the individual whether you're comfortable with their products.	episode_done:True
text:THANK YOU! This is precisely the kind of info I'm interested in.  When I look at the quality of recently made Andrew Marc... I'm underwhelmed. Then go to their site and see. They'll have garments with a so-called MSRP of "$695" with a discounted price then a promo price reducing it to $295". So really, that original price tag is nonsense and not indicative of that level of quality.	labels:All of this should have been the first sign that it's garbage.
text:General Discussion - February 17, 2021	labels:Had applied for a couple of dream jobs a while back. Just received an interview offer for one of them. Going to be multiple rounds so nothing's a given, even for candidates with impeccable credentials, because there are so few jobs in my field. Still, first proper bite since early 2020, so it feels validating.  Edit: Really appreciate the goodwill, guys. Rough market out there for pretty much everyone, so I'll pass on the goodwill to anyone else job-hunting!
text:General Discussion - October 29	labels:I'm watching *Next in Fashion*. I kinda like how it is *not* like Project Runway in that the challenges are not like "design a gown out of garbage", but these are great designers, they get everything they need and are supposed to make the best possible design they can, no constraints except time.  But sometimes the show feels so inconsistent. There is not a *lot* of manufactured drama, but when there is, they turn it up to 11 (and I roll my eyes so hard they might pop out). I also don't need the "human interest" tear-jerker backgrounds. Focus on the designs, ffs. They almost always do women's *and* menswear (which is great), but then for the women models they promote some kind of body shape diversity, whereas the male models are all *very* conventionally attractive. Feels half-assed. Tan France isn't half as funny as he thinks he is (more eye rolling).  Overall I enjoyed it, but I can see how it got cancelled. Netflix also did a shit job promoting it.
text:If I want to dress like Insert-Character-Here, where should I shop? Part 2	labels:Moira Rose from Schitt's Creek
text:Why not?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:How many clothes do you have? (Really?)	labels:I have no idea how many total pieces I have. I counted black dresses recently and I had 18.
text:Hair accessories - professional or should be saved for casual environments?	labels:Depends on the work environment and the type of accessory.    I work in a super casual work environment (WFH).  Even I wouldn't wear my cat ear headband unless I didn't have any video calls that day.    Now if I were in a BigLaw firm, things would be different.  Maybe I'd wear my hair half up using a plain silver clip but that's about it.   Or I'd use a tortishell claw.	episode_done:True
text:How do you tell when discounted items were never full price?	labels:It doesn't matter if they were sold at a higher price, plenty of crap is marked up regardless of quality. What matters is if they are a price you're willing to pay.  Also try checking other websites good the same item to see price variances.
text:Nicholas Daley Fall/Winter 2020	labels:Honest question: I've never really understood the point of fashion shows. Can someone please explain to me what the purpose is of showcasing overly-elaborate clothing that you'll see almost no one wear, and will likely never be made available in stores?
text:Has anyone lost their wardrobe creativity as they’ve gotten older? How do you get it back?	labels:I felt this exact same way a couple years ago. I started by going on Pinterest and searching for celebrity style to see if there was one person I could use as a “style icon” and then search/pin for more outfits from them. Then I just started searching for fashion influencers on Instagram and YouTube. Check out Lindsey Albanese, she is so chic and gives lots of practical tips on how to tap into trends but also finding staple pieces as well. (I would recommend her YouTube channel.) I also really like Miss Louie on YouTube too with her capsule wardrobe videos especially. Hope that helps get you started! :)	episode_done:True
text:Exactly what I was going to say. I got a navy one at TJ Maxx. It was $50. It’s perfect. Structured so you can stuff it or barely have anything in it and it looks the same. Big purse=big lot of junk.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:clothes that you've made or altered significantly by hand that you're particularly proud of?	labels:I don't really sew but I lost a fair bit of weight last year and bought a nice dress for a wedding in February that was too big. I got quoted something ridiculous like ¥30000 (about $300 I think) and the dress was only £30!! I did it myself and it spurred me to take in loads of my clothes over lockdown, now most of my clothes fit me perfectly and it's amazing! I don't know why I didn't do it sooner.	episode_done:True
text:Creating your own clothes: Advice?	labels:Work with a local tailor to get your ideas made into samples	episode_done:True
text:I am between an office and field also and I find good comfy boots, and comfortable base layers such as cami, t, and “long underwear” in the winter.  It makes a difference, I wear a uniform so it is pretty “lite” on make up and jewellery, but I work on a simple but nice job on my hair as it is also quite long and needs to be tied up high!.    If I need to be at a more professional or less “uniform” I will bring if I have to travel that day or while on course, I will take a few button ups , a nice blouse, and dress pants or skirt and tights.  As it is a toned down environment, it means classic but cute, so a nice set of earrings, classy but simple make up and a few muted accessories., a really cute classic skirt is easy to travel and pair it with a variety of shoes will work nicely.  It is a bit of a hassle bringing more clothes as well as shoes but it is often business casual.    I try and go a tad more than chinos and a polo if possible as I do not dress up often and it is a fun mix up.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Top of WAYWT - September 2020	labels:I miss street goth. Though I could get into #29s style with some adjustments	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album: Y2K Style For Anybody!	labels:This is a great album! I've been gravitating to the lime green lately (considering it for my hair again!) And didn't even think about it in context with the growing resurgence of back to y2k fashion trend! It all makes sense and shows I'm not that special hahaha.    But truly I love the matchy matchy looks that still look playful. Brings life back into fashion that has been so minimal and neutral for a while tbh.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - October 31	labels:Having the ideas but not the wallet to break out of the basic bastard is the point I'm at with my wardrobe and it's mildly frustrating.
text:>i sometimes layer a hoodie underneath during colder weather for a more skater girl type of look.  I like to call this look "the Jake Peralta".	labels:LOL the style king himself	episode_done:True
text:I partially agree with you. But the company still benefit from second hand purchases.   The second hand price is based on supply/demand, buying the unethical brand even second hand shows demand and increase public perception of the brand then prices go up. That’s why some brands are still more expensive than others even in thrift store.  Yet if you like an unethical brand, like you said, buying second hand is better.	labels:It depends on where you shop. Your local charity thrift shop is not giving a kickback to the first buyer, but a consignment store is.
text:Wolf vs Goat Fonzie Goes to India t-shirt Review and Fit	labels:I’ve been looking for the perfect white T-shirt for a while. It’s almost an obsession at this time.  Right now the only T-shirt that checks all the marks, except for price, is Velva Sheen.  Wolf vs Goat seems too gimmicky to enter the list as of yet I tried these brands:  Velva Sheen — perfect but too expensive. Not very soft but I don’t really mind it since it holds its shape/fit is the perfect thickness.  Everlane heavyweight cotton — good but too long.  Naked and famous — too long and expensive ($50)  Uniqlo Supima cotton — too thin, shows my nipples  Taylor stitch heavy weight — too thick for the summer  Taylor stitch hemp cotton blend — too thin, shows my nipples. Nice fit though   Random Amazon heavy weight cotton — too long and loose  Next one one on my list is Kuwalla because they have the same barrel stitching construction as Velva Sheen but much cheaper at roughly $25/tshirt, and it will likely be the last one before I bite the bullet and go full Velva sheen for my tshirts.  Edit:  Just noticed WvG is based in DC. Going to give them a try.
text:Pierre Cardin: French fashion giant dies aged 98	labels:The French Marty mcfly	episode_done:True
text:Well this requires an understanding of the fact that there are different types of trousers.	labels:Being two pairs of nice slim fitting chinos in navy or khaki, of course.	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - December 10, 2020	labels:Fucking customer without a mask just spat on me at work. I’m freaking out a bit guys   Edit: Management is taking me off the schedule for the week but now they’re saying I’m not guaranteed to get paid. Fuck :)
text:Best of Techwearclothing 2020	labels:I dig techwear. I think it is probably the style most likely to bring lasting change to what we consider normal.  I bought an Acronym 3rd Arm bag back in like 2010. Still think it’s awesome. Just the perfect mix of tech and milspec.  You don’t have to go all in if you don’t want. But it’s the people pushing the boundaries that get it to the point where it becomes more accessible.	episode_done:True
text:Fear not: leather will still be cool when you've lost the quaran-'teen, gained it back and lost it all over again. Just get a leather skirt with a draw string ;)	labels:> Just get a leather skirt with a draw string  Know of any fake leather ones? I'm too much of a frugal bitch to buy real leather. lol	episode_done:True
text:How do you wear square scarves?	labels:Instead of tying around my handbag handle in a bow I like to wrap it around the handle (scarf open) and tie at the end to brighten up my neutral handbags!	episode_done:True
text:Polo shirts are absolutely more common ime, it’s kind of the default retail uniform, but, if nothing else, itms the fact that I personally have to wear them as a uniform	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Online Styling Services?	labels:I'm starting a whatsapp group chat where people can ask questions when they're going shopping, questions about outfits, etc. Feel free to DM me for a link.
text:WEEKLY DEALZ	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What is your favorite clothing purchase of the year, and why?	labels:My 2019-2020 Tweed Jacket. I bought it in the spring of 2020, it was cheap as Uniqlo was phasing out its 2019-2020 autumn/winter collection. I spent only 2000 yen on it  I use it almost every day for work in fall.   I'm glad I got one from the 2019-2020 and not the new 2020-21 line.  This year's one doesn't stretch as well and feels uncomfortable.  &#x200B;  I only wish I could have bought another color from the 2019-20 so I'd have more variation  I guess when I get something that fits well, feels comfortable, and cheap to buy.. I get really happy about the purchase.	episode_done:True
text:Can we talk sleepwear?	labels:I was very into this idea as well and invested in some Lunya PJs...but that elegant person I invisioned didn't magically appear. I still had a big messy bun, acne patches on my face and slept with my mouth wiiide open. I didn't feel as comfortable in those PJs and that fantasy I had didn't come true, ya know? I don't want to discourage you, just my two cents as someone who had a very similar thought process  I went back to tank tops and sweatpants and I find I appreciate them a lot more now. I make sure they fit properly and don't have stains or holes so I still feel reasonably put together.
text:I gasped. I’m so heartbroken for you & your sweaters.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Every fit outside of their comfort zone just goes into one category "weird hipster shit"   When you think of it that way, its no surprise they think there is no variety .	labels:"dress like a douchebag" is pretty common comment in the minecraft-tee-and-badly-fitting-cargo shorts crowd	episode_done:True
text:Rent the Runway had to stop accepting new customers and pause regular customers in 2019 because their logistics are so shit. That on top of Covid, which causes all their stores to close, means they’re probably teetering on bankruptcy.  If I were with The Real real, I would stay far away from RTR from a financial and PR perspective.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:As Chanel Raises Prices For A Second Time this Year, What Do Luxury Brands’ Inflating Prices Mean for Them & for the Industry at Large?	labels:It means 💰.	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 19, 2020	labels:Doc martens Mary Janes. Can a guy wear them? I've got photos of the ones in question just not sure how to upload them
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 12, 2020	labels:Can someone point me to Tan Slim Fit Denim Jackets? Preferably without Sherpa lining	episode_done:True
text:Skirts and dresses in winter - how to look good and be warm with a combo of boots, socks, tights?	labels:I've seen people do flesh colored fleece lined leggings with pantyhose over top. Personally I loooooove wool socks too I knit my own but they're avaliable commercially too	episode_done:True
text:How do you know when something doesn't fit perfectly?	labels:Ok so quick and dirty - shoulder seams are supposed to hit at your shoulder bone. This can be hard to determine if that bone isn't visible, but if the jacket is poufing out past your shoulder its too big at the shoulder and if there's a weird crease line or dimple when your arm is straight down it is likely too small at the shoulder. Armholes should be comfortably sized, not digging in to your pit but also not having excess folds of fabric around and inside the sleeve.  Pants should sort of skim over your hips and bum/thighs depending on the fit. This doesn't apply to skinny jeans and leggings which are meant to be tight fitting. If youre getting lines whiskering out from the crotch towards your hips, your pants are probably too small. If you get a fake penis bump, assuming you don't have one, the pants are probably too big (if you do have one, this tip does not apply!)  Ease is important. Just bc something fits over your body doesn't mean it fits you, especially with stiffer, non stretch fabrics. You need room in the butt and thighs to be able to sit down reasonably comfortably. If you can't bend without fabric digging in (especially at creases) it does not fit. If it balloons out significantly when you move or sit, the garment is likely too big.	episode_done:True
text:Let's talk about sneakers	labels:In London, the sneakers that are popular there are Lacoste, Supergas, and Veja. Nike Air Force 1s and Vans for the younger crowd.	episode_done:True
text:Can we talk sleepwear?	labels:I was very into this idea as well and invested in some Lunya PJs...but that elegant person I invisioned didn't magically appear. I still had a big messy bun, acne patches on my face and slept with my mouth wiiide open. I didn't feel as comfortable in those PJs and that fantasy I had didn't come true, ya know? I don't want to discourage you, just my two cents as someone who had a very similar thought process  I went back to tank tops and sweatpants and I find I appreciate them a lot more now. I make sure they fit properly and don't have stains or holes so I still feel reasonably put together.
text:General Discussion - December 03, 2020	labels:Just remembered the time Jeremy Kirkland showed up in the comments of an album of his fits and was arguing with lurkers.   Goes to show that arguing with lurkers transcends popularity and even the most famous posters are willing to get into the trenches.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 30, 2020	labels:Looking to customize a pair of AM1.  I'm an 8 in Ultraboost/NMDs, 8.5 in NB 574s/Killshot IIs, 9 in Roshes, 41 (but can wear 40) in CP Achilles. Was thinking 8.5 but idk, never tried them on. Thoughts on sizing for them?	episode_done:True
text:How has your style changed as you’ve gotten older?	labels:In high school I wanted to be as punk rock as I could be. I spiked my hair up, DIY-ed everything, and bought my first pair of Doc Martens at 14. I either worked at Hot Topic or a body piercing studio through school. I grew up in an affluent/conservative area so my goal was to be as weird to everyone as possible. Music was my main influence.  In college my style changed a lot since I went to school for fashion. I moved to LA where I didn't feel like I had to rebel against anyone anymore. I started incorporating other musical influences like goth, new wave, and grunge into my style. I started appreciating higher quality designer clothing but had zero money. While I really wanted to shop at places like Saint Laurent, Alexander McQueen, and AllSaints, I ended up just wearing all black all the time and trying to get those looks for less.  Now I'm in my mid 20s, moved out of California, started my career, and finally have some expendable income. I'm really influenced by 60s/70s rock n roll. I try and buy all high quality pieces that I'm obsessed with so I don't feel like I'm always having to shop.  I do still have and wear my original Doc Martens though	episode_done:True
text:Is Chanel going to be better off without Karl?	labels:I feel like Karl Lagerfeld's legacy & tenure really glossed over his last decade or so of design. Sure there were some good shows in the 2010s, but a lot of it was just....   Virginie Viard is always going to come up short because she's Lagerfeld-esque and has the misfortune of coming directly after Lagerfeld. Lagerfeld was good at making his name and Chanel synonymous so that if you see a tweed jacket - you immediately think of both. As Viard tries to draw upon Chanel classics & house standards, it's seen as copying Lagerfeld (and failing) rather than her being referential. She hasn't really presented her point of view, separate from Chanel or Lagerfeld, either, so it's really hard to pick up on the specific aspects of her designs that are *hers.*
text:Riches to rags: The myth of sustainable fashion (The Financial Times).	labels:Thought this was a /r/wallstreetbets post for a sec based on the first few words	episode_done:True
text:Dress Sneakers Are Alarmingly Popular	labels:Dress sneakers never look good for the intent that the wearer is going for and this is the hill I'm willing to die on.
text:Sweatshirt: I'm shocked by my purchasing decision from yesterday and needed to share	labels:Are we sure this isn’t an ad	episode_done:True
text:rip in peace	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The average, common outdoor variety of sunflower can grow to between 8 and 12 feet in the space of 5 or 6 months. This makes them one of the fastest growing plants.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:What will be obsolete by summer 2021?	labels:I'm hoping those "Is it Wine o'clock?" shirts (or anything involving  women drinking wine to deal with life) you find at any mall store/Target directed towards adults.   Perhaps it's because I can no longer pass as a youth and will no doubt get thrown into the demographic these companies sell to, but it's always painful when you start to see a trend in clothes and you hate it, and it lasts YEARS.
text:Sorry you feel that way. When I wrote it, I tried to convey that I didn't put much thought into what I wore. Perhaps I could have said pajama bottoms with RRL cardigans. I don't have a perfect description for it, but I do think that the style Andrew is wearing there is a lot more coherent. I think there are ways to do that style thoughtfully, and not randomly. I didn't write this with the intention of making people feel unhappy with their current wardrobe. Just trying to give suggestions on how they may get enjoyment from clothes, even when confined to home.	labels:Is this actually Derek Guy
text:Casual Blazer Inspo	labels:What I've learned from this is once you've got those moc toe chukkas you can apparently wear anything you want.
text:How to Put Together a Successful Outfit – Put This On	labels:I have a question that’s been nagging me as I’m still pretty new to this.  The section... “pick an asthetic”... are you guys keeping a consistent asthetic from day to day or within a single outfit?  I feel strange sometimes wearing sleek monochrome top, black jeans and black chelsea boots one day and then a more workwear look the next.
text:Three brands only for the rest of your life. What’s yours and why?	labels:patagonia - good quality clothes and a lot of their stuff is good for workout, work, outdoor stuff  jcrew or club monaco - casual wear & basics. jcrew fits me better but I prefer the designs of CM, so I'm not sure.   lululemon - workout/lounge wear	episode_done:True
text:2020 Fall Fit Battle - Championship - Discussion	labels:Should we be doing those superlatives now? Because I just thought of a new category...	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 23, 2020	labels:Anyone seeing more innovative takes on facemasks? I'm not necessarily talking improved performance; I'm thinking more original styling and going beyond the standard form factor.	episode_done:True
text:### Shearling Jackets	labels:	episode_done:True
text:I specifically requested the opposite of this	labels:	episode_done:True
text:what pieces/brands did you buy when moving from a warmer climate to a cooler climate? what did you end up regretting/not using?	labels:Many years ago I moved from Hawaii to college in the Northeast. I would recommend 1) Buying it all there, because they'll have what's good for their climate and 2) starting out with cheaper options (thrifted, Old Navy, Target range) even if it's not quite your style. Don't spend much time, effort, and money until you see how you really feel after at least a year of seasons. Maybe you want warmer stuff than you thought you would, or realize you should invest in nicer socks, or discover you don't actually like turtlenecks, or shift to a different style when you're surrounded by a new area's vibe. Let yourself experience it for a bit without pressuring yourself to do it all right.
text:GOAT dad shoe for me. Easy to pull on to run out the door, good in rain, mega comfy.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - December 01, 2020	labels:Can any1 recommend me some good pufferjackets? Looking for a cream (or nude may be the word?)/white colored one, price range 200-400€, I'm Germany based, if that helps. I'll probably style it towards a more streetwear'ish, slightly (!) oversized fit.  For reference: Cold Laundry has recently released some nice cream/white colored pieces, I'm looking for something more in line with their coloring. Hope that helps and appreciate any pointers!	episode_done:True
text:This is exactly what I was thinking	labels:	episode_done:True
text:You can pry my “Winosaur” sweatshirt from my cold, dead hands. Kidding! It was a gift and I’ve never worn it. It still has tags 3 years later.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:>bc she is fat, she does not distract other employees  WTFF	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - February 16, 2021	labels:i gag whenever i see engineering memes   it’s like they’re trying to be elitist and insider but it’s also the most basic freshman year knowledge and it’s also not even funny   shit’s embarrassing
text:General Discussion - December 29, 2020	labels:With stimulus checks on the way in the US, it feels like a race against the clock to try and get all of my clothes listed on Grailed/Ebay before checks start coming in
text:Stylish ways to carry emergency medication?	labels:Fanny pack	episode_done:True
text:How do you know if a piece of clothing is worth its price?	labels:I agree with the comments that suggested thinking about how often you’ll wear it, more so than the price. I used to prioritize price, but ended up with low quality clothes that just didn’t last. Now i find myself passing on some items even if they’re really cheap, just because it seems like it won’t last. I try to pick clothes by their fabric composition and pay attention to the details (stitching, closures, etc). For jeans I look for as high % cotton as possible. I like linen, rayon, modal and cotton for other pieces. I usually avoid nylon-y and thin, fast-fashion pieces. Then I think about whether that store usually has sales, if so, I wait. I very rarely get anything full price because there’s always some sale!   I’m usually willing to spend more on “core” pieces that I’ll wear all the time, like a coat, jeans, or work pants/shoes. For statement pieces or trendy shirts I usually wouldn’t spend that much. I think it just depends on how many ways you can style that item.  As for a&f and hollister - I have personally found really great quality clothes there. For a&f i love their linen pieces, jeans, pants and sweaters. They also have awesome sales. As an example, in september i got 2 sweaters for like 15 each, jeans for 40, and pants for 20ish from there, all really good quality, and I wear them often. For hollister, it can be hit or miss since it’s more casual, but I have blouses and jackets from there from several years ago still look new, but they weren’t expensive. Sorry for ranting lol!	episode_done:True
text:Agree with the colored socks on loafers. Anyone know the shoes on image 8?	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Sad :(	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Engineered Garments Fall 2021 Menswear Collection	labels:Fucking gorgeous though and through	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - January 01, 2021	labels:Covid vaccine kicking my butt. I had a crazy fever last night. Today I'm really fatigued.   I'm not educated enough to know for sure, but I wonder if my reaction is due to me already getting sick in November. Body freaking out or something.
text:General Discussion - January 01, 2021	labels:You guys I had my baby yesterday! She is the sweetest, most precious, most important thing to me ever and I’m so happy. She ended up being a super emergency c section, and I’m still processing how scary and unexpected that was, but she is super healthy and doing great. When I got pregnant I was worried about balancing parenting with my professional goals, and now I know she’s only going to add great things to my life.
text:I am firmly in the “loves fashion as a form of art” group too	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Do you name your favorite outfits?	labels:Hahahah, I love this! my boyfriend started saying “you look like a ....” and I remember that every time I wear these two outfits:  1. Sicilian widow - black maxi skirt, lace turtleneck under a black camisole 2. 80s real estate agent in Arizona - teal suit, teal turtleneck, pink lipstick, big ish hair
text:[Inspiration] Jewelry	labels:I've been thinking about jewelry for a while. I got a nose ring and like it, a simple chain would be nice and a bracelet. Any recommendations for these from anyone??  I don't dress edgy enough to wear a lot of the rings/other jewelry in this inspo album
text:Do you guys default to a set of a few pieces even though you own a ton?	labels:Yes! I am completely guilty of wearing the same red and white Croft Barrow button-down shirt, Levi 208's, and penny loafers way too often to the point I could look like a cartoon character	episode_done:True
text:Category is: Pants on the Runway - Inspo Album	labels:The Patou looks in this album are giving me vampire poodle vibes, and I gotta say, I am here for it. Loewe’s ridiculous, voluminous poofs are also bringing me a lot of joy.	episode_done:True
text:White/Light Denim Jacket Inspo Album	labels:i needed this, thank you!	episode_done:True
text:Contour is just the name of the bodysuit line from the brand! It’s more of just an actual garment instead of shape wear since the material is not as super stretch but it is definitely very slimming and hugging. I typically wear it as an easy basic top, it can be dressed up with a nice pair of high waist pants, heels, and mid length coat. I’ll dress is down with slim sweats and a long sleeve crew bodysuit and white sneakers just to look cozy comfy but still decently put together	labels:Aaah I get you! I thought they were like special shapewear bodysuits haha. They look fantastic though so I'm glad to have the recommendation - a great basic layer like this always makes a difference!	episode_done:True
text:This. The nicest thing I learned (but said in a not so nice way) is that nobody cares about you. Nobody’s looking at or thinking about you. Almost everyone else is just as in their own heads as you are.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Somebody here once made an inspo board of her. Can't remember what medium though :(	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Favorite fashion bloggers that are your size?	labels:Check out the #midsizestyle tag on instagram! Also, instagram user @timorous.me has indexes of instagrammers by body type (petite, midsize, and plus-size)
text:General Discussion - November 24, 2020	labels:My partner arrived today, we haven’t seen each other in person since the pandemic took off. My local government has an exception to the travel ban for people in committed relationships. They now literally have a “visa for humanitarian reasons” in their passport, which is all kinds of hilarious. Took a ton of paperwork.  I might be a bit less active for a while, what with all the enjoying life again.
text:If you're willing to go to a tailor and pay $10-15, you'll open your options up considerably! Uniqlo also has free hemming on all their pants.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Let's Talk about hats	labels:Don't wear them inside. But that one is pretty spoken. Edit: inside a house. Not like shopping at the mall or as a required element of your job uniform...  Don't buy them too tight - it's tempting to ensure they don't fall off your head but they'll leave red marks on your forehead.  Remember to wear forehead sunscreen if youre wearing a backwards baseball cap or you'll have a very, very strange tan line. Thats not from experience at all...
text:Clark's Wallabees	labels:Always disliked wallabees immensely but one semester one of my profs wore a pair of all-black low top wallabees and they did look pretty nice on him.	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Zoom Fashion Etiquette	labels:I've converted my home into a faithful replica of my office on campus. The bare, white walls and flickering fluorescent lights remind me to never show a shred of personality to my coworkers, lest they suspect that I occasionally engage in activities outside of work. My dog's despondent whimpers recall the helpless cries of teenagers on the brink of a nervous collapse as they juggle arbitrary deadlines, crushing debt, and the insidious suspicion that it's all a bunch of bullshit. One big advantage of working from home is the ready supply of cheap coffee to keep me alert now that I'm expected to be available at any time--day, night, and weekend. I'm having heart palpitations and the entire left side of my face is numb, but my productivity is unmatched!
text:High Rises, Immaculate Pleating and Loose Silhouettes: Work Pants & Trousers in LA Cholo style	labels:The Nike Cortez	episode_done:True
text:Wait I just told this to one my friends whose a girl and she says she does this all the time with her friends!??! I'm so grossed out and confused now	labels:	episode_done:True
text:General Discussion - February 14, 2021	labels:vday and bday 2day has me feeling flagrant with this debit card
text:Mario Valentino is not Valentino Garavani	labels:At first I thought this was going to be a discussion about the difference between the secondary lines "Marc Jacobs" vs "Marc by Marc Jacobs", which is also sometimes difficult to wade through as well. But I didn't even know about this OTHER naming issue.  Jeez. I definitely feel bad for people thinking they got the deal of the century and just didn't know any better.  Edit: MJ was a bad example because I guess they discontinued MBMJ, maybe McQueen vs McQ would be a better current example
text:Need to try this out!!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- November 01	labels:Can someone suggest me some thicker, baggy sweatpants that have elastic leg openings?	episode_done:True
text:Back when I went to more parties or went out more, I would do that - get way over dressed just because I wanted to.  I was with my friends, they knew I was weird.  I don't really have a group like that anymore and I miss having those opportunities to get fancy.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Do you have a link for the necklace? :)	labels:Yes, it’s above.^^^^^^^	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 27, 2020	labels:Chino sizing  Im 6’3 ~180lbs and typically wear a 32x34. Buying pants is a huge struggle because I have large calves (~17in circumference)and usually have to try on a bunch of pairs to find something that isnt too tight.  Does anyone have any good suggestions for brands to look at? My last good pair is Banana Republic but they do not have any indication of what type they are.  Been looking at Bonobos but hear they’re pretty inconsistent with sizing.	episode_done:True
text:Thanks so much! I definitely feel that the label is not nearly as popular as Saint Laurent Paris was under Hedi here, but I know it took a bit for that to catch on too, even with FW13 now being the most coveted collection. I hope to find and share more relevant content in the future.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 13, 2020	labels:Is dressing preppy inherently expensive? It always seems like sweaters, cardigans, and the like cost a pretty penny.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE!- November 02	labels:Hey, I've been looking for a pair of black denim bib overalls. My job is very physical and it involves going inside and outside in cold weather. Every pair of overalls I find are the duck fabric type which are too heavy for what I need. Any one know of a manufacturer of just black denim overalls ?	episode_done:True
text:I've noticed a drop in new users over the pandemic. Nobody really needs advice right now on what to wear to a wedding, or for date night, or job interviews, or their first office job. Another drop the last week due to the holidays but overall the core community is still pretty active across GD, WAYWT, and some recent discussion posts.  As for old threads on the front page, I'm guessing that's because a lot of the discussion has been pushed to recurring mega threads like Simple Questions. There was an experiment earlier this year with allowing simple questions to be posted as self posts and it led to stuff only staying on the front page a few hours but overall quality of discussions and recommendations was a lot lower.	labels:GD, expectedly, has risen significantly in average activity I think (though not that many total unique users).	episode_done:True
text:I'm actually 9 years old, not 8  I could beat you to death if I wanted to	labels:I’ll hold you back by putting my palm on your forehead
text:Looking for a Shear Thing (Shearling Jackets)	labels:Huge fan of shearling jackets. They can be tough to pull off but some are easier than others.	episode_done:True
text:Shitpost Saturday: Advice on Learning How to Hate Fashion	labels:From my personal experience, learning how to hate fashion is easy. You just need to realize that you're ugly and there's nothing any stupid clothes can do about that. Once you have this solid foundation nailed down, hating fashion (and anyone fashionable) comes naturally.
text:I am so into that skirts/heels rule for casual wear!	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Thanks, buddy.	labels:	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 20, 2021	labels:I was recently awarded a 40 Under 40 award by a regional magazine. Part of the award includes a photoshoot to be printed in said magazine.   I'm a creative director for a living, I work in an environment that prides itself on comfortable dress. I have tailored suits, I know how to put together a nice outfit. However, I'd like to do something a bit different for this shoot. The suit is obvious, it's expected. How can I switch it up? Show off some more creativity in patterns, materials, or unexpected pieces.
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - January 13, 2021	labels:Does anyone have any experience with the Moss Bros Tailor Me service?	episode_done:True
text:Share what are your quick tips to always look polished !	labels:I tuck everything in because 1. I’m 5’3 and with wide hips, this makes me look more in shape 2. Looks like I have longer legs 3. Looks like I care a little hahaha	episode_done:True
text:Inspo Album - Statement Sweaters	labels:Great album! Should add some The Elder Statesman for the hippie cashmere :)	episode_done:True
text:[Serious answers only] FAQ: Why does runway fashion looks like nothing you'd ordinarily wear on the daily?	labels:I think you're thinking either avant garde or couture runways? These are different from regular season fashion shows. Mainstream labels like Gucci, Versace, Tom Ford, etc show very wearable pieces in their regular fashion shows IMO.  Now designers like Iris Van Herpen and Guo Pei do very couture almost avant garde fashion that is not meant for daily wear. These fashions are more for their high end clients who want to be inspired and who may place orders for their pieces as a COLLECTORS piece.
text:Best of Techwearclothing 2020	labels:Even though I wouldn’t wear most of the stuff from this album I’m glad to see people enjoying themselves. This year has been terrible and it’s nice to see people enjoying their hobbies.	episode_done:True
text:Inspo album: Keith Richards and the Rolling Stones	labels:This is fantastic! And now I finally have examples of the weird style I’m slowly gravitating to. Love the vintage/contemporary side by side photos!	episode_done:True
text:What are people's experiences with clothing challenges like trying not to buy clothes for a year/only buying second hand? What are some tips?	labels:I'm doing a no-buy year (exception being things like sports bras or replacements for things that are no longer wearable), and the biggest help to me was unsubscribing from ALL marketing emails. Removing those updates from brands and sales and such was helpful, especially since we're so inundated with online marketing nowadays.
text:Hello welcome we would be glad to help you care far too much about what you wear :)	labels:	episode_done:True
text:The handbags. And the made or shopped lips.	labels:Yep was gonna say, the cosmetic enhancements and the filters help too	episode_done:True
text:Daily Questions - ASK AND ANSWER HERE! - November 28, 2020	labels:What can I match with a black anorak with golden highlights for an Ivy/Americana look?	episode_done:True
text:How to find non-custom tailored clothing for short men (under 5')	labels:Uniqlo Jeans have free tailoring when you order. I order all my jeans from there. The free tailoring is so convenient.
text:90s/00s Bollywood Fashion	labels:YOO is one of these the movie with “O Priya”??? That shit slaps. Loving the album	episode_done:True
